---
title: "Father's Warning and Sister's Gas Station Encounter"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2016-09-22
timestamp_start: 828.3
timestamp_end: 1073.9
timestamp_display: "13:48 - 17:53"
caller: "Kent"
type: "other"
location: "Missouri or Iowa"
source_lines: "23-23"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] So when I was a young man, my father used to tell me, kent, if you ever see three men moving in a funny sort of way, all the same, look away and walk away, calm as you can, like you didn't see anything out of the ordinary. I'd ask him why, and he'd always say, just you listen. No need to know more. The thing is, he would tell me and my sister this a lot. At least twice a year, from as far back as I can remember when I was in my teen years, I'd ask him about it a lot, usually after he'd just reminded me once more to look away and walk away, calm as can be. And he'd always tell me it was important that I remembered what he told me, but that if I knew too much that it'd be bad. We were on a family road trip one year, my father, my younger sister and I and my sister had to use the restroom. We pulled over to some gas station in the middle of nowhere, either in Missouri or Iowa. We were around that area. I stayed in the car. My father went inside to get the bathroom key for my sister, and my sister was doing the I have to pee dance near the locked bathroom door outside of the Gate gas station. So my dad got the key and was walking it out to my sister. I could see them both from the car, but they couldn't see each other as the bathroom was around a corner of the building. My sister, she stopped doing her dance, froze solid, then pivoted on her heel and started walking away to the car heading back toward me. My dad raised a hand to her when he saw her come around the corner. Sweetie, I have the key here he called out. She shook her head and said something I couldn't hear. My dad pivoted as well. Both of them headed straight for the car, walking oddly, like they were having guns to their backs. Like all fours, they're under duress. As they neared the car, I could hear my sister saying over and over, look away and walk away, calm as you can. Look away and walk away, calm as you can. Look away and walk away. Her and my father piled into the car. He still had the bathroom key attached to a big piece of 2x4, you know, to keep people from accidentally wandering off with it. But he sped out of that parking lot anyway, as fast as he could. My sister just kept blubbering the they moved so strange, Daddy, all the same, like you said. And you just shushed her and said, don't talk about them. Don't think about them. Don't think about them at all. Think about anything else. You did good by walking away calmly. But now is the hard part. You can't think of them or talk of them or it calls them back. So we rode in silence for a few miles before my sister said that she really had to go, but she wanted us to come with her and turn our backs. So we did. The three of us pulled over. My sister went and squatted behind a bush while my father and I stood guard. None of us talked about the men for the rest of the trip, and we never let each other out of sight, sticking very close together for the rest of that entire road trip. I've never seen personally what you call the mirror men, but my father knew of them and he warned my sister and me of them since we were very tiny and I believe my sister saw them that day. My father is dead now, and my sister and I lost touch years ago. But maybe sharing this story will help one of your listeners with my father's old advice. If you see them, look away and walk away, calm as you can. I love the show. Thanks, Derek.
