---
title: "Cackling Wish Mongoose Predicting Bad Events"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2020-06-11
timestamp_start: 3791.8
timestamp_end: 3991.5
timestamp_display: "1:03:11 - 1:06:31"
caller: "London from South Carolina"
type: "cryptid"
location: "South Carolina"
source_lines: "43-43"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] Hey, I'm London and I'd like to tell my story. We have this thing that we going to call a wish mongers. Sounds like a goofy name, but I'm from South Carolina and we live in a very small town. And thank you, Derek for everything you do. We love your podcast. Now I'll get on with the story. So I live in this house and it was just me and my family and stuff like that. We've never had problems before, never with anything. Like, I probably didn't even know what the term cryptid meant. My parents kind of shielded me from, you know, ghosts and stuff like that, so I never really was really into that. So we would hear like, you know, if you just walked outside, you know, my parents were smokers. They got tons of smoke and they hear like this distinct laugh, like a cackling, almost like a deep, like, monkey cackling. It was, it was weird. And it shopped. Carolina, we don't have monkeys, so I don't think we really have anything that would laugh like that either. CACKLING so my parents would ignore it, but they would tell me that every time they heard that cackle that something bad would always happen in that day or the next. And I never believed it. Know, my brother, sister, we never heard such things, so we didn't really believe it. And then I was outside one time after my parents had gotten into this, this big argument, and I was outside and I heard the cackle. I was out there by myself, just stepping outside for a moment and I was like, what in the world? It kind of freaked me out a little bit, I'm not going to lie. But I just stayed there because I was kind of paralyzed in fear. And I just stood and I looked and I was like, I have no idea. Is this the capital my parents were talking about is what I was thinking to myself. And then that same day, my parents had filed a divorce and I was like, oh, my gosh, dude, I think I was a child. I was thinking, couldn't get worse than this. And then what happened was a couple months later, didn't really think about it again. It was honestly out of my head, wasn't really choked up about it or anything. And then me and my sister had went outside because she was babysitting me at the time. After the divorce, we were outside and we heard this same cackle. We both kind of looked at each other in a moment of realization like, oh geez, we know what this is. And me and my sister, we were like, oh my God, butt inside. And then, you know, crazy thing. That same day, me and my sister had gotten into a really bad argument. She had pushed me down the stairs and not it didn't really hurt me, but she had pushed me down the stairs. You know, this child refused and I was like, this is getting crazy. And my mom would talk about her experience when she heard the laughing and you know, she was outside smoking. She ignored it. She's not really wanting to be scared of the paranormal or you know, supernatural or Cryptid or whatever. She just walked back inside, burnt out a cigarette. I do remember this though. That same night my older brother and my mom had gotten in a bad argument. Her phone was thrown against the mirror and cracked. So, you know, that's my story about the witch mongoose. Thank you, Derek. Tell me if you know anything about what this could possibly be. It's over now. Not really something I'm worried about anymore. But thank you and hope to see my call in the next episode. Bye.
