---
title: "Black Void Above House During Satellite Outage"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2020-06-11
timestamp_start: 736.8
timestamp_end: 905.9
timestamp_display: "12:16 - 15:05"
caller: "Gabriel from Florida"
type: "ufo"
location: "Cape Coral, Florida"
source_lines: "19-19"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker D] Hello Derek. My name is Gabriel. Another one of my very creepy stories. I was about 16 years old and I was Living in Cape Coral, Florida, at the time. And I was sitting in my living room and I was watching television. At the time. We had DirecTV, and if something blew into the dish on top of the house, you'd lose signal and have to research for it. And my dad was clever enough to put markings on the dish so in case the dish was ever moved, you climb up on the roof and you can move it back to its position. You know exactly where it was marked. And then the TV signal would pick back up. And I was watching television, and it was during one of the commercials, and my satellite signal went out. So I'm like, crap, all right. Something hit the dish. So I walk outside, and there's no wind. So I'm like, it is probably one of the owls, because we had those little field owl all over the place, and they smack in the windows and whatnot. So I go outside, and everything's dead silent. Street lights on right at the foot of my driveway. And I walk around the side of the house, and I grab the ladder and I put it up on the roof against the house. And when I look up, it was the strangest thing ever. There was just nothing above my house. This was middle of night, and you could see all the stars. But in this one area above my house was. There was nothing at all. I could look down the street and I could see the stars. I can look both directions, see the stars. But directly above my house, it was just pitch black. I don't know what it was. I don't know if it was a alien or a ufo. I have no conceivable idea what this was. And because it was pitch black, there was no way for me to tell its elevation. I didn't know how close it was to my house or whatnot. It was just like this big circular area around the top of my house, looking straight up, where there was just nothing. It was like that deep void, kind of black. So I'm staring at this, and it's dead silent outside. And I'm staring at this for a good three minutes, and all the hair on the back of my neck stood on end. I didn't hear crickets, no sounds whatsoever. And then all of a sudden, the stars started to reappear in this void. And it was almost like it dissipated, like. Like it maybe like. Like black smoke or something. You didn't see any wisps from it. It was just like it faded away. And then everything. And when it disappeared, then you could hear all the crickets again outside. You could hear all like, just like the wind blowing gently, you could. All the sound returned to the area. So at that point, I didn't even bother to take down the ladder. I just looked down and walked straight back into my house and the TV signal was back. I don't know to this day what that was. I'm not sure I even want to know what that was. It baffles the imagination. It was one of those things where I just wish somebody else would have seen it because I could not make heads or tails of what this was. Thank you for your time.
