---
title: "Three Silent Oval Craft Flying in Triangle"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2020-06-11
timestamp_start: 2220.8
timestamp_end: 2581.7
timestamp_display: "37:00 - 43:01"
caller: "BH from Colorado"
type: "ufo"
location: "Boulder, Colorado"
source_lines: "29-29"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker D] Hi, I'm gonna go by BH. I'm calling about a UFO experience that I had in the time frame of 1990 in Boulder, Colorado. My best friend and roommate had just graduated and my other best friend, the three of us, we were going to have some dinner, have some beers, kind of celebrate, because my best friend, I'm gonna call him Anthony, he was going to move the next day to go to graduate school out of state. So we were gonna celebrate kind of our last time together in school at the university of Colorado. We went out, we had a good time. It was a beautiful summer evening. You know, Colorado summers can be absolutely just stunning and beautiful and the evenings can be fantastic. And we went out to a few areas on Pearl street and up on the hill. And Anthony and I, we lived at the north side of the University of Colorado campus, not directly adjacent to it, but just north, about a quarter of a mile of the campus. After we finished, you know, going out, having some beers and some dinner, we were walking back to our apartment and we were walking through campus. And there was a section of campus that at the time was under construction. There was a massive construction project to expand the recreation center to the size that it is now. It was much smaller at the time that I went to school there, but it was, it's, it's a huge facility. Now as we got to that part of the campus where the recreation center sits and where this construction project sits, it's on the north east corner of the campus in Boulder, right next to the football stadium. And they had just begun excavation. And as part of the excavation process, they lay down these weird maps that cut down erosion. And we were walking through this construction area. The campus is kind of up on a slight hill mesa above the rest of town. And it's a beautiful night, full, just clear skies and we were just shooting the breeze. And we were sitting down in this construction area on these mats, looking up at the sky and just, you know, philosophizing about life and laughing and giving each other lots of crap. And you know, I've always been a stargazer and I always like looking for satellites. And it was a beautiful night to look for satellites. And most of the satellites that you see are traveling from a north to south pattern. And it makes it really easy. Satellites that actually hold the trajectory or the rotation of the earth, you can't see, it just looks like a star. But so we were looking for satellites and they look just like a star that's cruising along. And we're talking and you know, we saw a couple of satellites here and there. And then all of a sudden there was this weird coming from the north. We were laying on the mat facing the north and all of a sudden these three oval shapes and they were completely dark. There were no flashing lights. None of that crap that you hear about with UFOs where you know, oh my God, I saw flashing lights. And you know, they were flashing around like a spinning Frisbee and any of that stuff. These were just pure black shadows, egg shapes flying in a triangle pattern from north to south. And they were just cruising, just real, real steady, real quiet. They're flying from north to south and weren't going incredibly fast. And that the altitude that they were flying at was probably, I don't know, maybe around 3,000ft. University of Colorado is at a little over a mile high. And when these craft flew from north to south, they were blocking out the stars. So we knew that they were below at a much lower altitude than the stars. They weren't out in space. It was something I'd never seen before. I'd seen tons of satellites as a kid. And there's a few things that are interesting about this. You know, if people look back a little bit in the history here, I'm dating myself. But the stealth fighter was actually not revealed fully publicly until during Desert Storm. And the pattern, dimension, shape of an F117 Stealth is more of a triangle. These were a perfect oval. So they weren't anything like a stealth fighter. And if, you know, there may have been some other military equipment. But the other thing that was incredibly fascinating and actually scared the hell out of me was they were silent, completely silent. And it could tell how low they were, that if they were any other craft, they would have made some noise. And to this day, my two other best friends were still in contact. We still talk about that. And we actually did an exercise to see, you know, okay, you write down what you saw. You write down what you saw. It, I'll write down what I saw and just, you know, so we didn't influence each other and we all wrote the same descriptions. So, you know, this is pre stealth, pre web. It wasn't pre Internet, it was pre web. Didn't see a lot of the YouTube stuff. That was way before that. And I still think about it a lot to this day because it makes me wonder what, you know, just. It expanded and just blew away any assumptions that I have about anything that goes on in this world. Pretty incredible. So anyway, that's my story. Thanks. Love the podcast, love to support it, Keep up the great work and love hearing the stories and your skepticism and devil's advocate approach on reviewing the stories. Thanks.
