---
title: "Fast Creature Circling Trailer All Night"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2020-06-11
timestamp_start: 2743.2
timestamp_end: 2935.1
timestamp_display: "45:43 - 48:55"
caller: "Chloe's brother from Texas"
type: "cryptid"
location: "Texas"
source_lines: "33-33"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] Hi Derek, it's Chloe from Texas. I'm calling in another one of my brother's experiences. He's given me permission to call in a few of his experiences. He's had quite a few and unlike me, he really doesn't have a lot of interest in the paranormal. He kind of tries to stray from it and seems like the more that he does that, the more experiences he has. But I digress. He's given me permission to call this one in. This one was from when we were kids. I wasn't with him during this experience. He was actually staying the night at one of his friends homes. I believe they lived in like a mobile home, like a trailer house. He was there with several other boys. I think they were about 12 or 13 right in there. They were I think middle school and you know, they were staying up drinking Mountain Dew, playing video games, doing that kind of Thing, and one of them happened to glance out the window and just saw something zoom by. He started trying to get the other boy's attention, and they were. He was like, what is. What was that? Did you guys see that? And they were like, no, no. They all kind of went up to the window to. And after a while, it zoomed by again. And of course, this time they all just saw the blur and they all started freaking out. They all, oh, my God, what was that? You know, just totally losing it. And so they're kind of looking for this thing and they can't quite figure out what it is. They're thinking maybe, is it a deer? Is it a really fast dog? Is it a coyote? They can't. They can't figure out what it is. And it just starts circling the trailer super, super, super, super fast. And they said not only could they, like, see it zooming by, but they could hear it just whirring around the trailer super, super fast. And they said at a certain point they could almost feel it. And they're all screaming and freaking out. You know, the kids. Parents come in and like, what's going on? And, you know, they only caught the tail end of whatever was happening. And they were like, what was that? The kids? I don't know. Something was outside. What was this? Is there a person out there? The parents, we didn't see anything, of course, right? Like intrusive Spielberg bash. And the parents saw nothing. So they tried to go back to sleep after that point. Just super spooked. And so they figured, okay, let's just call it a night. You know, I think it was about midnight, one in the morning, something like that. Let's just call it a night. So they all lay down and turn the lights on, try to go to sleep. And they could hear it out there, just making circles and circles again, not as fast this time, but they can hear it just running around the trailer, whatever this thing is. And like I said, none of them got a real good look at it. And not like they had super great floodlights. And it was. It was a dark night out out here in the country. We don't have a lot of light pollution, so you can't see 10ft from your window. They never figured out what it was, but they could hear it all night just circling the trailer. I don't know whether or not they went to go investigate to see if there were tracks the next morning, but I think the boys pretty much just kind of got in their rides and skedaddled home after that. I remember my brother coming home and telling me about it immediately and he stuck with me for a while and actually forgotten about it. We were talking about spooky experiences a few nights ago. He and I just kind of sharing some things that have happened to us and he brought that up and I was like oh my God, I've got to call that in. I totally forgot that that happened to you. So that's just one of the weird things that's happened to us. Love the show, love what you're doing and I can't wait for the answer Borrego documentary. So good luck. Keep doing what you're doing by.
