---
title: "Scaly Kangaroo Creature at Playground"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2020-06-11
timestamp_start: 1628.5
timestamp_end: 2045.5
timestamp_display: "27:08 - 34:05"
caller: "Erica from Texas"
type: "cryptid"
location: "Angel Fire, New Mexico"
source_lines: "27-27"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] Hi, my name is Erica and I'm from Texas. I've been binge listening to you accidentally stumbled across the podcast and it's. It's great. It helps really hear from other people who've had strange experiences that you just can't explain. I'm originally from Roswell, New Mexico, and so I'm not a stranger to strange things. My children and I and my husband, on the summers we try to go to New Mexico and do some camping. And this time we had chosen to go to Angel Fire, which is a place I had only been there maybe once as a child. We had a great time and we had rented a house and nothing crazy. A lot of fishing and a lot of fun. One of the things about Angel Fire are the night skies. They're absolutely beautiful. It's the mountains. They just open up and you can see so many stars. On our last night, my children, my nephew was also with us, had asked if we could just go on an adventure to go stargazing. So we drove down this road, one of the main highways, and as we're driving past this lake, we see this very secluded playground. And the kids ask, hey, can we, can we go ahead and swing under the stars? So we pull up and it's a pebble road and the kids dart out of the car and go running straight for the swing set. My nephew says that he needs to go use the restroom. There's an outdoor restroom Facility on the playground. And it's really dark. There's one light that lights up half of the playground, but the other half, where the restroom located, is really, really dark. So my nephew goes to the door and he pulls on it, and it's locked. He yells at me, and he says, it's locked as soon as he yells. And it was a loud, echoing yell. Where? The mountains. And so there's a really strong noise from his voice. And we start to hear somebody throwing something at us. And as I mentioned, the road was made of pebbles. So it was clear that whatever was being thrown in our direction was small, like a pebble, very small. My nephew, he yelled at my daughter and said, stop throwing rocks this way. She says, I'm not throwing them. And so she's running for the swing set, which is further out, away from the light. My nephew starts to use the restroom, facing the direction of the restroom, and we hear this loud thump. It sounded like something had fallen on a metal roof. So I look at the restroom facility, and the roof is metal. So obviously either a tree limb or something had fallen on top of it is what I had assumed. But seconds later, you hear something fall to the ground and these pebbles kind of like the noise that your feet make when they hit the pebbles. At that time, my daughter, as I mentioned, was running towards the furthest swing set, which happened to be right in the direction of where we're hearing these noises. And as I look at her and I'm trying to process everything, my husband's in the car pulling kids, you know, our baby out. So he hears the thump as well. And I see his head poke out, out of the car. We're all kind of looking for it. But my daughter's reaction was so strange. She had her finger out and she had her arm pulled out. She was pointing towards something, and she couldn't say anything, but she was trying. No words were coming out. She was just like. As she's doing that, she's moving her finger in the direction of something. And we can hear footsteps now on the ground. Like, it sounds like something is now running on the ground and it's heading towards the tree line. And I. It's crazy talking about it. It looked like a kangaroo. And I know this sounds crazy. It looked like a kangaroo. It had the tail of a kangaroo, but it wasn't it. It was scaly. And I couldn't make out the color because it was a couple feet away in this dark, darker area. My daughter was so scared, she couldn't. As I mentioned, she couldn't speak. So I run over to her and I shake her and I say, run to the car. And I start screaming and everybody, my nephew, everyone starts running to the car. My husband starts the car and I'm the furthest one out at this time. I will never forget what this thing looked like though. It was running on all twos at first and then it went to fours, it went to four, it started running faster. It, as I mentioned, had a long tail. They had. It looked scaly, didn't look like it had fur, didn't look like it had any hair, didn't have the features of a kangaroo from the face. In fact, it just had these big eyes and I couldn't see anything else from it. There was a glare in the eyes is all that I could pick up. It didn't look like it came from this planet. It looked like anything, nothing I'd ever seen. It ran into the trees and we lost sight of it. We packed up the kids quicker than quick and we drove off. The night sky had given that area a lot of it was glowing and so the stars were so bright. It was absolutely the most terrifying moment I've ever had in my life. And my kids, they don't talk about it often, but once in a while when we mention it. In fact, for the last two years we haven't even gone to New Mexico for our annual camping trip just because this really shook them up. It's something that I've always wanted to know if anyone has ever seen anything like this. I'm from New Mexico, so I know about Dulce Canyon, I know about experiments, I know about all that stuff that that happens and I know obviously about the aliens since I'm from Roswell, but I don't know what this was and I've never and I've researched it and I can't find any information on a kangaroo like creature. Thank you so much for your podcast. I appreciate for having an outlet to talk about things that you normally would never mention. It's definitely a comfortable platform. So thank you.
