---
title: "Pioneer Woman Ghost on Highway"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2024-12-05
timestamp_start: 1484.9
timestamp_end: 1698.8
timestamp_display: "24:44 - 28:18"
caller: "Angela from Tennessee"
type: "ghost"
location: "Cumberland Gap Parkway, Kentucky"
source_lines: "32-32"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] Hey Derek, this is Angela calling from Tennessee on my way to work back around in August of 1990 on the Cumberland Gap Parkway between Barbourville, Kentucky and Corbin. Today that's a four lane highway, but who knows what it may have been in years past in pioneer days. Because you know, I live near actually the Cumberland Gap, supposedly where Daniel Boone led the people westward. Anyway, I'm on my way to work really early. I'm a nurse at that time heading to work in my 7am shift. It was dark at that time. I had probably about an hour, a little over an hour drive. So I'm driving along doing around 55 mile an hour, careful not to speed or get a ticket or anything. I'm traveling northbound US 25E and on the other side there is a southbound 25E so you get the picture from and there's a grassy median in between these two highways. And suddenly in my headlights I notice someone up ahead on the highway and I see this woman, she's crossing from the passenger side over towards, I guess the driver's side that way. And she wasn't lit up or anything. But I want to tell you right now that I have thought about this many times since those years past and it doesn't make sense that I saw all the detail that I did, but I did, I did see it. I don't know if she wanted me to see, but here's what I saw. There was a lady, never did turn around to look at me, but she had on a bonnet, she had on a long flowing skirt. I did not see any feet. She had on like a long sleeve jacket that ended at her waist. If you could picture a Laura Ingalls Little House on the Prairie type person, except she was a lady, a grown woman, you know, probably my height, 5 6, 5 7. As I'm traveling towards her, you know, I'm just mesmerized because it's 1990, it's in August and it's around 6 o' clock in the morning. And plus I'm barreling towards her at 55 mile an hour and I saw all this detail. I'll never forget it. I don't know what it was, was, it looked human. I did not see any feet. And I know what you're thinking, well, how did you see this? I've asked myself that many times before. I don't know, it's almost as if time slowed down. Does that make sense? I don't know. It's like there she was and she crossed and she made it across the road before I reached her. And I looked back and it's like when I passed her, she was just like a. I don't know, you could see through her. But like I said, I was passing her, you know, really fast. But when I looked in my rearview mirror, I couldn't see anything that I've never forgotten that I've only told a couple of people. I know it sounds crazy. How could I have seen this lady? I mean, how could I have? But I did. I don't know if that kind of, you know how I've heard of Resurrection Mary, like she glows. This lady didn't glow, but she wanted me to see her and I saw her. I saw all that detail. I don't know if maybe the area we live in, you know, at one time maybe she may have been a pioneer, I don't know. I've always wanted to research that area to see if there was any record of anything happening when times passed. But you know, this area, there's always probably Something happening. I'm not sure who she was or what she was, but I saw her and I love the podcast. I listen every week. Keep up the good work. Anyway, bye. Bye.
