---
title: "Hand Grabbing Ankle and Whispered Reassurance"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2024-01-15
timestamp_start: 1734.5
timestamp_end: 1981.0
timestamp_display: "28:54 - 33:00"
caller: "Hannah from Minnesota"
type: "ghost"
location: "Minnesota (wildlife rehab center)"
source_lines: "23"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker D] Hi, Derek, and fellow listeners. So this is Hannah from Minnesota. When I was about 19 or 20, I was currently living with my mom as I was doing my internship from my old college. And at this point, I already had many multiple paranormal experiences, But I never had something that happened like this. So I was in my bed. I was fully awake at the time. I know I've never had sleep paralysis or anything of the sort like that. But anyways, I felt something kind of crawling up my bed covers. It feels like, as if, like, imagine one of your pets is crawling under the bed covers and, like, coming near you, that kind of thing. That's exactly what it felt like. And at this point, I was pretty freaked out because I had no idea what the heck it was. And then all of a sudden, I felt something grab my ankle. It felt just like a hand, except I couldn't feel, like, any heat or cold. But I could feel the sensation of fingers wrapping around my ankle. At this point, I was absolutely terrified to look. I was too scared I was going to see something. So I just kind of did what any sane person would do in that moment and hid my head under the covers and hoped it would go away. So afterwards, that was maybe 30 seconds or a minute. Finally, whatever grabbed my ankle just let go. I didn't really think much of it at the time because I was pretty scared and I really didn't feel comfortable investigating it at the time. But I did tell my mom later on and she confirmed to me that she wasn't awake. She didn't play a prank on me or anything like that. So I'm not entirely sure what happened there, but that was the first time I've ever something. Anyways, moving on. I was starting my internship at a wildlife rehab center. And at this rehab center we have a separate room off from the main room that has like all of our ICU patients. So I very distinctly remember going into the ICU room to take care of some of our really sick patients. And I remember when I went into that room there was no one in the main room. Is only me in the ICU room. And for this room there is a solid door and solid walls. Can't really hear anything else happening outside of there and no one could hear what was going on inside that room. So when I was taking care of all the injured animals, I heard something lean into my ear and say, it's okay, Hannah. And I freak out. I remember screaming and falling over and frantically looking around this tiny 105 foot wall trying to see if anyone was in there with me. And I saw nobody. So I'm still freaking out and I open up the door, look out the main room and there's nobody out there. So I'm just like, okay, this is really freaking creepy. I have no idea what the heck just happened. But after that incident, I have yet to experience a paranormal encounter ever again. So what went from my most terrifying paranormal encounter to someone whispering in my ear to now? Just nothing happening to me. It's just. It all seems kind of weird. And I can't verify that they're connected somehow, but for some reason just it seems like they possibly could be. Considering I've yet to have another paranormal experience since that happened when I was 20 and I am currently 24. Just thought it was pretty weird and wanted to share. Thank you.
