---
title: "Uncle Scotty Visits from Beyond to Play with Toddler"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2024-11-28
timestamp_start: 2941.4
timestamp_end: 3563.5
timestamp_display: "49:01 - 59:23"
caller: "Crystal from Connersville, Indiana"
type: "ghost"
location: "Connersville, Indiana"
source_lines: "53-53"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker E] Hey, Derek. My name is Crystal. I live in Connersville, Indiana. So I've had many experiences in my 44 years, and one in particular kind of bothers me a little bit because this happened when I was 18 and I have three boys now, but at the time I only had one and he was two. He was very smart, could walk and talk in full sentences that you could understand, and was potty trained by the time he was one. And it was me, his dad, and him. We lived in a duplex. It had been an old garage that was converted into two apartments that were side by side. And we lived in the left side. It was a street on the left hand side, and then directly behind us was an alley. And then on the right side was the other apartment. And over there there was just a man and woman who lived there. They were younger, about 6, same age as us, and they worked all the time, so they were hardly ever home. So my ex's cousin had passed away under some suspicious circumstances and, you know, everybody was missing him. We'd been talking about him and a couple of weeks had went by, you know, and nobody's really saying anything. And this one day we had went through a normal routine of going to work, coming home, cooking dinner. I gave my son a bath. We stayed up for probably another hour or so and then had laid down and went to sleep. So in the middle of the night, I would say it was around two or three o' clock in the morning. I was jarred awake by a loud sound. And as soon as I opened my eyes and my brain had time to catch up, I had realized it was a cup that had fell into the bathtub downstairs. So when you walked into, this apartment was really small. It had a door in the front and A door in the back. So the door in the front off of the alley, you'd walk into, and it was the living room. And then straight across from there was a bathroom. And then to the right there was stairs that would take you upstairs. It was kind of like a loft. It was just one big room. And that's where we slept. And my son slept with us. He had his own bed, but it was big enough that it was split up. And then if you were to come in the other door, that would walk into the kitchen. And then when you walked out of the kitchen, you were in the living room. It was really small. It's, you know, half size of a garage, so it wasn't huge. So when I was jarred awake by this sound in the middle of the night, I knew that that was the sound of a cup falling in the bathtub. So when my kids were little, I would use a cup to wash their hair, you know, rinse their hair out with soap and all that so it wouldn't get in their eyes. And then I would just set that cup on the side of the tub and it would just sit there. So I had given him his bath around 7:30, 8:00 clock at night. And that cup had sat there the rest of the night until two or three in the morning when I heard it fall in the bathtub. So it had woke him up, also my ex. So we're both sitting there like, okay, that was just the cup that fell in the bathtub probably had water underneath it, and it probably slid into the tub. Not a big deal. So we go to fall back asleep and we hear all kinds of banging sounds. And my brain is telling me that it's the toilet seat lid falling down. And then another sound that I can't quite make out what it is. So we go downstairs thinking somebody has broken in. So he's walking down the steps with his nunchucks and I'm right behind him with a baseball bat. And my son's asleep in the bed upstairs. And it takes us less than a minute to clear the house to know that nobody's in there. Both doors had deadbolts on them, which were dead bolted. And the two windows that were in the living room and then the one that was in the kitchen were sliding windows, kind of like a sliding door, but when you slid it shut, there was that empty space right there. And we would just put like an equivalent of like a pull stick down in there, but not near as long, so nobody could slide the window open. So there's Absolutely no way anybody could have gotten into that. So nobody's in there. The cup's in the bathtub, the toilet seat and lid are shut, which we left up because I was the only girl in the house and my 2 year old was potty trained. But every time he went to the restroom, we wanted to make sure that that was left up so he didn't make a mess. So that was left up and had been up all day. Those both were down. And then we get into the kitchen and every single cabinet door in the kitchen is standing wide open. So we kind of just look at each other and kind of nervously laugh. And we're like, okay, we're awake. We really don't do much about it. We kind of just make a comment that his cousin who had passed a couple weeks before, his name was Scott and we called him Scotty. My son called him Uncle Cottie because he had problem with S's back then. So he would say Uncle Cotty. So we kind of just made a joke to each other that he was stopping by to say hi and trying to scare us. So we go back to bed. So then it's probably about three nights later, my ex is at work. It's the middle of the day. This is like July of 98. I don't know if I said that before, but it's a hot summer day. We're inside trying to keep cool. I'm six months pregnant with my second son. It's my day off and we're watching cartoons and my 2 year old decides he wants to go play with his dump truck and his race truck. So he goes upstairs to play with his toys and I just turn the TV down real low so I can hear him and keep an eye on him, but, you know, give him his own space. I'm sitting on my couch and it is middle of the day, but all the windows are closed and the fans going. Just keep it cool in there. And I can hear him upstairs laughing and giggling. And then I can hear him talking, but I can't make out what he's saying. So I'm just smiling because I'm happy that he's happy and he's having a good time and he can play by himself and everything's okay. And then the conversation he's having just sounds like it's more than just him. So I kind of get up and sneak up the steps, you know, one by one, going real slow, trying to listen to him. And when I kind of get up high enough to poke my head up over the floor where I can see into the bedroom. He's standing on the opposite wall, like, against the wall, and he's got his dump truck in front of him, and he has his race truck next to him, and he's bent down with his hands on his dump truck, and he's looking to his right at his other truck, and he's saying, get on your mark, get set. And then he stands up and he looks straight towards me, and he goes, oh, hi, Mommy. I'm just playing with Uncle Cotty. And I'm like, what? And he's like, yeah. We was jumping on the bed, and I jumped way, way high, and I jumped higher than he did, and we were getting ready to race, but he said he can't race because you're here now. So I have to wait till you go back downstairs. So I'm like, okay, well, let me go back downstairs. I didn't mean to bother you. So I go back to the bottom of the steps, and he ends up coming back down, and he said Uncle Cottie had to go somewhere. So he was just going to watch cartoons with me again and is telling me the whole time that he jumped on the bed with Uncle Cotti and he was racing his cars and he won. And, you know, we just have a talk, and I tell his dad when he comes home, and, you know, that's pretty much the end of that. So about two weeks later, inside of our bathroom, there's a closet, and inside that closet was the water heater. We'd come home one day, and there was water all over the floor. The water heater had busted and leaked all over the floor. And it was indoor outdoor carpet, so it wasn't really hard to clean it up. We went and got a shampooer, and we shampooed the carpet, and we cleaned it all up. And we'd end up getting it all up except for one spot. We went over it three different times, and no matter what we did, we could not get that stain to come up that was by the wall, and it was the shape of an S for Scotty is what I'm assuming. So I don't know if he just came by to play with my oldest son one more time or just to let us know he was okay. I wish I would have had the mindset to have my son ask more questions, but that's not something you think about in the moment. You're just. You kind of. You want to believe it's happening, but you can't believe it's happening. And you really don't think about anything else. So that was one of my stories. We moved probably six months later and we had other things happen, but not with Uncle Scotty anymore. So I love your podcast and keep it spooky.
