---
title: "Shadow Entity at Eureka Dunes and Uneasy Dreams"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-06-17
timestamp_start: 2514.0
timestamp_end: 2943.9
timestamp_display: "41:54 - 49:03"
caller: "Anonymous from California"
type: "shadow_person"
location: "Eureka Dunes, Death Valley, California"
source_lines: "41-41"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker A] Hi, I'm on season six, Episode two. And listening to that girl who was talking about Shadow People. And it reminded me of a situation that I experienced. I'll try to make a long story short. I never experienced anything like Bigfoot or UFOs or ghosts or stuff like that, even though living in, like, prime areas for that type of activity. Born on the northern coast of California and never saw or smelled or heard Bigfoot while living there. And then moved to the Sierra Nevadas in the Lake Tahoe area where the house I grew up in as a kid was backed up against National Forest. We had miles of woods behind us. And now live in a very rural town in the Sierras in California with, you know, about 120 people and still have yet to experience anything. One of the places that my wife and kids and I like to visit is the Eureka Dunes in the northern end of Death Valley. And it's pretty up there. There's no people. It's very remote. The sand dunes are there. And we usually go in the spring or the fall, and the kids can play on the dunes. And it's always warm and not too cold at night. It's just very remote. It's a very pretty place. And also the dunes out there, they sing something about the dry sand on top of wet sand. It makes a humming noise. When the temperature's right and the wind is blowing, it, like, reverberates through the dunes. You'll be sitting out there during the day and you'll get sounds like a distant airplane, but it's really the dunes vibrating. But whenever we go camping at the dunes, we've been there maybe a dozen times. For me, as soon as the sun kind of sets, kind of this eerie feeling, this uncomfortable feeling that, you know, you shouldn't be there. It's. The area's too open or too exposed. This is something that sinks in my stomach and will last throughout the night until, you know, morning. I don't say anything because I know that if I say something like, well, I'm uneasy I'm uncomfortable or not feeling great, then my wife's gonna be uneasy and uncomfortable. And if she's uneasy and uncomfortable, the kids are uneasy and no one's having a good time. So usually I just kind of push it deep down inside and try not to think about it. But there's this feeling there that as soon as that sun sets, there's just something wrong. After spending so many years in that country and backpacking in remote areas, I don't feel that anywhere else. Only in this location at these dunes. And the last time we were out there, we're there and it's close to a full moon. The nights were extremely bright. And if you've ever experienced a full moon in the desert where there's no trees and very little ground cover, it's just something different than experiencing that where there's light pollution or there's, you know, heavy forest, everything is whitewashed, everything's just blinded. White shadows and objects are very crisp and defined. So we're there and, you know, darkness falls and that same uneasy feeling comes back. So eventually go to bed, get in the camper and fall asleep. And I remember having this dream where I'm with, you know, the family and we're just standing and off in the distance is this shadowy figure and this just feeling of unease and being uncomfortable and this uncontrollable urge to confront that. And in the dream, I end up running straight towards that shadowy black blob. And, you know, it's dreams day, so everything seems super fast and super slow at the same time. But I'm running towards this object because I feel like I need to get to it. And as soon as I reach it, I wake up and I'm shaky and cold and it felt like a nightmare, but it wasn't a nightmare. And I'm, you know, laying there trying to figure out what that meant and to calm myself down. And I have to pee. So I figured now is a good time. I'm already awake. I'm going to crawl out of camper and go pee. So I make my way and go outside and the moon is out and it's super bright. You can see the dunes and the surrounding mountains. And as I'm peeing, I'm kind of just looking out at everything, still a little uneasy and shaky from the dream. And just that general feeling of uncomfortable. Something's wrong. And as I'm staring out in front of me, there is this shadowy blob like, I don't know, two, 300 yards away from me. And I'M looking at it, trying to figure out what it is. The bushes out there are very spindly and kind of wiry. You can easily tell because light will shine through them easily, and they look like a bush. And this wasn't. This was darker, denser. Just this silhouette. I'm looking at it. That same uncontrollable urge to, you know, chase after that and confront it and run towards it to figure out what is going on, what it is. I'm trying to suppress that urge. And it took a lot for me to calm down and just slowly back away and get back into the camper, you know, after that, it's just a really kind of rough night of being kind of on edge and uneasy and nervous and eventually fell back asleep. And, you know, the next morning everything was fine. The feeling's gone. I told my wife about the dream, but I didn't tell her about what happened outside. So that was what now, two years ago. And during that time, and this is what struck a chord with my situation in the caller, there's a religious aspect. At that time, my wife and I were trying to get out of a religion that was unhealthy for us. And I don't know if there's a correlation. Maybe it's all psychological to confront, I don't know. But it seemed to resonate with me, and I figured out a good time to share if someone else has experienced something similar. Anyways, we're planning to go back to the dunes, and, I mean, I'm sure the feeling won't be there. I don't know, it's just weird. Appreciate the podcast. I really enjoy it. Thank you.
