---
title: "Menacing Woman Ghost Follows Across States"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-12-12
timestamp_start: 723.4
timestamp_end: 995.3
timestamp_display: "12:03 - 16:35"
caller: "Lexi from Tucson"
type: "ghost"
location: "Tucson, Arizona"
source_lines: "15-15"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hey, Derek, It's Lexi. I'm from Tucson, Arizona. I have experienced spiritual stuff since I was really little. I'm gonna say about four or five. This particular one is pretty creepy. When I want to say about six years old, I woke up in the middle of the night just feeling like somebody was watching me. And it wasn't a lie, it was true. Because I look up and I'm staring straight at this lady just staring down at me, looking at me, like, very menacingly. She doesn't look familiar to me. I have no idea who she is. And it just, like, scared the crap out of me to the point where, you know, when you're little and you're scared, you cover your head with your blanket until you're, like, so hot, but you don't want to, like, breathe, basically. So you just pretty much fall back to sleep even though you're, like, hot and sweaty. So the next day I told my mom about it, and she tried to say, like, oh, it was me. I want to go check on you in your room. And I was like, no, this didn't look anything like you, mom. Like, you did not look scary at all. Definitely did not look like my mom, basically. And so I kind of brushed it aside. I would have that heavy feeling happen every now and then as I grew up. Fast forward to. I want to say I was like, in my teens. I would still get that presence every now and then, somebody sitting on my bed, have that lady appear peering over me again. Even as a teenager, I would still hide under my covers. I feel like she followed me around even after I moved out. So fast forward again until I want to say I was 22 or 23 years old. And this was around the time my great grandmother died. But by this time, I was no longer living in Tucson. I was living in San Diego. And this lady would visit me in my dreams. And this particular time, around the time when my great grandmother died, I felt like I had a dream of my great grandma. But it just didn't seem like it was her. It just seemed so off. And even in my dream, because it felt so realistic, because I was, like, laying down in my room. She was sitting on my bed, you know, sheep. Sheep. Like my great grandmother. But the only thing that looked different was her eyes. Like, her eyes were still Menacing and piercing. I even mentioned in my dream that her eyes were super piercing and her face went from kind to menacing, bearing teeth, grinning, almost evil. And she got a nail and stabbed it through my hand. And this is in my dream. And I woke up, sheer panic. And I am freaking out because my hand is in pain and this is from a dream. So how can you explain that? I cannot. And I luckily have never seen this lady again in my dreams. But when I got divorced and I moved back to Tucson, I felt her heavy presence in my childhood bedroom again, because that's where I was staying at the time. And something in me was just like, put a salt lamp in your room. So I put my salt lamp in my room. I turned my salt lamp on, and her presence just left. Like, quickly just left. And by this time I was working more on my spiritual practices of the metaphysics and whatnot. Like with crystals and salt lamps and sage and salt and whatnot. And I have not since felt her presence. I keep a felt lamp with me at all times. I have at least three in my home. Even my mom's ex boyfriend told me that her presence would come back if I even tried to not have a felt lamp. So I don't know. I can't explain where this lady has come from, why she chose to haunt me as a child and even follow me as an adult from one date to another. It's just very strange. But I want to thank you for your podcast. I want to thank my friend Ty for telling me about your podcast. Have a great night. Goodbye.
