---
title: "Whispering Women Vanish from Diner Bathroom"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-11-11
timestamp_start: 2791.3
timestamp_end: 3045.0
timestamp_display: "46:31 - 50:44"
caller: "Emily from Bay Area, California"
type: "ghost"
location: "Bay Area, California"
source_lines: "41-41"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] Hi, this is Emily and I live in the Bay Area in California. I moved here about a year ago and last September I encountered something that I don't quite know how to explain. So, you know, there was a lot of stress in my life going on and I was talking to my partner about all of these stresses while I was in a diner after work and I needed to go use the restroom and so I went in there and this diner is known for having some shady characters in it. And when I walked into the ladies bathroom, there are two stalls and in the larger stall there was, you know, it looked like a couple of people occupying it. And I see these women like spraying to each other and it looks like they're moving around the stall and I'm like, oh my God, there's like people doing drugs in here, like, whatever. I really need go. So I get into the small stall and I, you know, do my business. But they continue whispering and it's very indistinct. I can't even tell like what they're thing or what they're talking about. I'm like, they don't even know what's going on because, you know, they can't even like coherent words. Like I was right next to them and couldn't understand what they were saying. And I could see like their pant legs at the bottom. It was kind of these like bell button jeans sort of pants and like kind of sneakers. Kind of older looking sneakers. Yeah. And. And you know, this continual whispering the whole time, it just makes me really angry. And I'm not a particularly angry person and I'm not prone to anger, but this made me unbelievably mad and I wanted to confront them and tell them, like, look, if you want to do something like this, you need to go elsewhere and do stuff like this in a different place than here. And so, you know, I'm like trying to, you know, rush out to like meet them like where they're at. And as I open the door at the same time, you know, it looks and sounds like they're opening the door. I open it up and this large stall is open, but there's no one there. The door to the bathroom that you have to like get into to like get to these stalls that was closed. It wasn't even like swinging closed. And you know, it had one of those stoppers on it, so there's a pressure gauge to keep it from like slamming automatically. And I like looked in the stall and there's just no one. And there was just no time for these people to leave at all. And so then my finger turns into terror and I can't explain it. And you know, I usually wash my hands. So I just like ran out of there and I told my boyfriend, I was like, we gotta go, because that really freaked me out. And it was very unnerving experience. The haunted bathroom is something that it seems kind of silly and odd and there aren't really any stories of people like, you know, overdosing or anything like that in that bathroom, at least that I could find on the Internet. And there aren't any stories from that diner about anyone else having ghostly experiences. So I don't know what that was or if it was, you know, some people that were on drugs that were freakishly fast, you know, to a point of being superhuman. But yeah, that's my story. Thank you so much for your show and thanks. Bye.
