---
title: "Santa and Mrs Claus Ghosts on Christmas Eve"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-12-19
timestamp_start: 1010.1
timestamp_end: 1274.3
timestamp_display: "16:50 - 21:14"
caller: "Morgan from West Virginia"
type: "ghost"
location: "Hundred, West Virginia"
source_lines: "17-17"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker A] Hey Derek, my name's Morgan. I'm calling from a small town called Hundred West Virginia. I grew up in this old farmhouse. And when I was a kid growing up, my sisters and I, we had this babysitter, we'll call her Mrs. Mercer. And she would tell my parents like when they'd come home and they'd be parting ways with her. I remember a couple times she said that the house we grew up in was haunted and that her and her family had grew up there. So fast forward a couple years around 1989, and it was Christmas Eve and my mother had told my sisters that if Santa Claus sees you, he'll take your presents and leave. And I got mad at my mom because I expected her to be lying to my sisters. So Christmas Eve in 1989, I woke up in the middle of the night. I had to use the bathroom really bad. I started down the stairs. And going down our staircase, on the left was a wall, but on the right there was no wall. So you could see the living room. And at the foot of the stairs was a door that led out to the porch. And our porch was all encased in it was the room itself. And that's where we kept our Christmas tree. And as I started down the steps, I see a man bend over at the tree. He's wearing red pants and a white shirt and he's big. I thought at first it was my father. And I stopped for a second and I was like, ah, dad might see me. And I thought, wait a second, dad doesn't own a red pair of pants. And just then as I looked to my right where there was no wall going down the staircase, you could see in our living room, I see a woman sitting in a rocking chair knitting with knitting needles. And she is dressed up for Christmas. And she looks like Mrs. Claus. She's wearing like a green outfit, a green hat, but it's got like some kind of design on it. It was kind of Christmassy. And I was getting ready to have my ninth birthday on New Year's Eve. So I was eight. I come running around the corner and I'm thinking, oh my gosh, Santa Claus is real. And Mrs. Claus, she's real too. And she rides a Santa on Christmas Eve. And for years, I did not know how to explain that. And I told people, carl's an adult. Hey, Santa Claus. I think he might be real because I seen him and his wife, Mrs. Claus. Until the year 2024, I was sitting in a jail, and I was sitting in jail with Mrs. Mercer's brother. One day, me and some other prisoners were talking about ghost stories. And we get locked down, and I'm with Mr. Mercer. And I asked him, I said, hey, you know that house that we all grew up in and you guys grew up in? I said, was it ever haunted? He had this old Southern twang to his voice. And he said, oh, yes. Oh yes, that place was haunted, all right. That was haunted by my mom and dad. And I was like, your mom and dad? I never heard that story. Tell me about it. And he said, well, you know, so and so and so and so and so and so. We come from a small town. So everybody named a new. They drove by and seen my mom sitting in her rocking chair knitting with knitting needles. And I was like, what? What did you just say? And here that night, I had seen his mom and dad celebrating Christmas as ghosts. The father was moving presents around, adjusting them, making them look nice under the tree, and the mother was knitting in a rocking chair. So hope you like that story. Have a good night.
