---
title: "Shadow Man Pulled Me Out of Bed as Child"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-06-17
timestamp_start: 3000.3
timestamp_end: 3199.0
timestamp_display: "50:00 - 53:19"
caller: "Archer from New Jersey"
type: "shadow_person"
location: "Upstate New York"
source_lines: "43-43"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker A] Hey, Derek, this is Archer calling from New Jersey. Haven't always lived here. I used to live upstate in New York, and I was listening to your last show when I heard Leslie from California's story about being pulled out of bed. It immediately Brought to mind some pretty haunting memories from my childhood. Living in a house in upstate New York, which was for sure haunted. I had a bunk bed, but there was no one in the top bunk. Later on, my brother would end up sharing a room with me if he was born. But I have memories probably from. My earliest memories are from that room. I would wake up in the middle of the night and there'd be a man, large, black shadow of a man at least, standing at the foot of my bed. And he'd be laughing or smoking a cigarette. And he would pull me off my bed by my feet. Yeah, I would be screaming and crying. My parents would rush in and there'd be nobody there. So this continued for at least a full year. It was probably longer. I don't remember a lot of my childhood, but this is one of the few things I do remember. I must have been around like five years old or younger. And I would often wake up due to my head hitting the floor at the foot of my bed. Now, I don't know how a kid turns around in a twin bed, but that happened to me all the time. My parents used to joke about it. They're like, oh, yeah, we'd find your feet at your pillow and your head at the foot of the bed. They were aware that I would, like, somehow flip over in my sleep. But they also remember coming in plenty of times to hearing me screaming and crying. You know, my head would hit the floor and my feet would hit the floor, and I would look up and above me would be the shadow man, laughing at me in this dark, husky, you know, voice, you know, something really, really creepy. And then as soon as that door opened, as soon as the lights in the hallway hit the room, nothing. There was no one there. And I remember how terrified I was to go to sleep in that room. I used to also sleep talk, apparently around this time. And my sister's room was right next to mine. Would come in when she heard me, you know, up at, you know, any hour of the night. I actually remember her running in a few times after I'd been pulled off the bed head first. He would grab my head after my feet. I don't know what was going on, but she comes into the room and I'm sitting both upright in bed. She asked me what's going on? And I just laid back down and closed my eyes and whispered something. She gets really close to me to hear what I'm saying, and she's like, archer, I didn't know you're awake. What's going on and I whisper, I have to pretend to be asleep or the man will get me. So that kind of scarred her for life too. Scared the out of her. Yeah. So my parents also had some kind of haunting event in that house when they just moved in. But I'll give you another call. Love the show. I'll talk to you later. Thanks so much.
