---
title: "Guardian Angel Prevents Kidnapping"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-11-13
timestamp_start: 1086.8
timestamp_end: 1345.2
timestamp_display: "18:06 - 22:25"
caller: "Ariel from Indiana"
type: "other"
location: "Saratoga Springs, New York"
source_lines: "41-41"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] This is a story that is for guardian angels and real monsters that exist among us that are human. I'm calling from the state of Indiana. This took place in Saratoga Springs, New York, probably in 1994. I was nine years old, and it wasn't until I was an adult did I realize that I had been kidnapped. For those of you who are familiar with human trafficking, it's very sneaky. I was 9, and we were at a park with my mom and my two siblings that were older than me. And a gentleman came up to me at the park and asked if I wanted to be in a book that he was writing, a children's book. And at the park I was feeding ducks. And conveniently, his book that he was writing was about a little girl feeding ducks. My mom at the time was a writer, and so I immediately felt very privileged and excited that I'd get to be a part of a book. So I left the park with this gentleman, and another gentleman joined us after we left the park and we crossed the street and we were in a parking lot. And probably just moments before I was going to get into their vehicle, my older brother grabbed my arm, was like, ariel, Mom's been looking for you. You know, where did you go? We're waiting in the car for you. And I was kind of disappointed that I wasn't going to get to be a part of this book. And I turned around to say goodbye to my new friends, but they just continued walking. I had no idea at the time what was happening. So I followed my brother. How he found me is really a miracle. And so I followed my brother back to my mom in the car with my sister. And when I got to the car, this yellow glow completely surrounded me. It was all I could see. It was like a golden yellow glow. And I just stopped and I felt a presence completely embrace me in a hug. And it was the most amazing feeling I had ever felt. And I remember just standing there in this pure, golden yellow light, feeling these arms just holding me and feeling so amazing. It was an incredible feeling. And I was standing there for a while and I realized, oh, I better get in the car. And so I kind of just turned and the car was there and. And of course my mom and my siblings were waiting in the car for me. And I got in. I was probably 17 or 18 years old when maybe I had started learning about human trafficking or something. And it dawned on me that that day in the park, I had been. I consider it. I was taken. I mean, I was taken from the location across the street to another parking lot with these two men. But at the time, yeah, I had no idea. And so I consider that a guardian angel story. I absolutely believe that I was being hugged by my guardian angel. And I absolutely believe that somehow the guardian angel was able to help my brother find me that day before it was absolutely too late. So I really believe that we have guardian angels or some kind of entity that watches over us. And I tell my children about their guardian angels too. So that is my story. Thanks, Derek.
