---
title: "Bird Following After Grief Support Meeting"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-06-24
timestamp_start: 3108.5
timestamp_end: 3443.3
timestamp_display: "51:48 - 57:23"
caller: "Brad from Cincinnati"
type: "other"
location: "Spring Grove Cemetery, Cincinnati, Ohio"
source_lines: "52-53"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker E] Hi, Derek and monsters among us. My name is Brad. I am calling from Cincinnati, Ohio, with a strange occurrence that happened to me. Not necessarily something scary, but something that I thought was worth reporting in. So I recently lost my mother earlier this year and already had one strange occurrence of thought it might be some sort of visitation or something like that, but just kind of, you know, brushed it off. But I was Coming out of a grief support group. And this was at Spring Grove Cemetery. For those in the area. You know that Spring Grove Cemetery is a pretty awesome place. It's one of the oldest and largest cemeteries in the entire country. I mean, this place is absolutely massive. And it was nice to have a grief support meeting. And I didn't get a chance to really peruse and tour the grounds on this particular night. But the meeting ended about 7:30pm it just rained earlier in the day, so the guy was little bit gray, not too warm, not too cool, probably between 60 to 70 degrees. And I'm walking out of this meeting. I kind of parked in the back, wasn't sure what part of the building to go into. And I am kind of by myself. There's no cars driving by. And I hear this kind of flapping and I'm like, what is that? So I'm looking around and then I look above me and there's this bird that's, I wouldn't say hassling me, but clearly either I agitated it or something. And I just thought that this was so strange. Like this bird kept flying back and forth right above me, following me. And I tried to walk a little bit faster because I didn't know if there was something on the ground, like if maybe a baby fell from a nest or if there's something it was trying to eat that I was walking over and thought, okay, well, if I kind of get out of its way, maybe it'll, you know, just kind of be on its way. But this bird just kept flying right above me, like, you know, a couple feet above my head, just back and forth, chirping and squawking pretty loudly. And I thought that there was just kind of bizarre. My mom, when she would talk about visitations with going to see her husband at his grave site that she had a few occurrences of there be some sort of bird or animal that would kind of visit her. And she always thought that that was kind of a sign or a way of the dearly departed just kind of visiting. And considering that this was from a grief support meeting. And I've never had anything like this happen to me. I've been to the Springrove cemetery a number of times. Great place to run and walk. Beautiful mausoleums and headstones. And I've never had anything like this occur, never had anything like this occur anywhere where a bird was just continually following me for probably close to a minute of just flying back and forth. I got a little bit of it on video and I will go ahead and send that to you. I'm not too sure what kind of bird it was, you know, just kind of a small carnal blue jay sized bird, but maybe I can identify it or it can provide some sort of answer what might have been happening. But I kind of felt like this was a sign of being visited. I wasn't feeling great after the grief support meeting, and maybe this was just a way of the dearly departed coming back to comfort me. Thank you for the podcast and everyone out there. Keep it spooky. See ya.

[Speaker B] Thanks Brad, and I'm sorry for your loss. Losing a loved one is one of the worst experiences anyone can go through, but sometimes those bad experiences can be alleviated a bit by one of these perfectly timed signs from beyond. A little nod to let you know that they're still around. And I hope for your sake, Brad, that what you suspect took place is exactly what went down. I hope it was your mother reaching back out to you. How great would that be? And how great of you to share the experience here with us now. Folks, I have a few more strange Ohio stories to share, but first I need to take tonight's final ad break, so don't go anywhere. I'll be right back.
