---
title: "Hat Man in Closet and Demonic Scratches"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-11-27
timestamp_start: 878.1
timestamp_end: 1425.0
timestamp_display: "14:38 - 23:45"
caller: "Katie from Wisconsin"
type: "haunting"
location: "Wisconsin"
source_lines: "18-22"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker F] Hi, Derek, My name is Katie and I'm calling from Wisconsin. I have experienced quite a few spooky things in my lifetime. However, I wanted to share some of the scariest things I've ever experienced revolving around the house I used to live in. So we moved into this house when my oldest daughter was 2 years old and didn't experience anything. It was a house that was, you know, built in the late 80s. You know, there have been no deaths or anything. There didn't feel anything weird, nothing. And that was in 2009. And then my second daughter was born three years after my first daughter, and still nothing, nothing. And then things started getting weird. When she was about a toddler, I would walk into her room and see her, you know, playing. And she was about 2 years old and she'd be talking to somebody and I would say, oh, who are you talking to? Oh, I'm just playing with Nana. And Nana is my mother in law who passed away several years before she was even born. We hadn't really ever brought Nana up to her yet because she was so young. We didn't think she would understand that she had a grandmother who had passed away. So I was like, well, that's pretty weird. And she talked about Nana quite a bit. She didn't describe her, which I thought was odd. But then I thought, okay, well, hey, if she's hanging out with her deceased grandmother, I mean, there's nothing wrong with that. Actually pretty heartwarming. But then things kind of got weirder as she got older. She started talking about the bad man in her closet. And every single night she would scream and scream until we would come into her room. This was like after we had put her to bed, I come in and she would say, the bad man's in my closet, the bad man's in my closet. He's coming out. And I would look, obviously I would see nothing. I'm thinking, okay, this felt, you know, kind of an overactive imagination. But I started thinking in the back of my head, like, this is pretty creepy.

[Speaker D] This is really weird.

[Speaker F] You know, little, little kids talking about bad men in their closets every single night is scary. So we started doing this thing where I would spray this monster spray. You know, it was literally like body spray from Bath and Body Works. But she thought it was monster spray. Oh, they would spray and say, there, the monster's all gone, whatever. But she would wake up in the middle of the night screaming about the bad man in her closet and finally asked her to, like, can you please describe him to me. She said, he's a tall man. He's very dark, like everything. His clothes were all dark, all black, and he had a hat. I'm like, oh, God, the hat man. Like, I've had experience with that. That's a different story. So I'm thinking, well, this isn't very great. I didn't know what to do. And I just told her, you know, you can always just come in, run in with me in the middle of the night if you're scared. Which ended up being in every single night occurrence. Well, it got to the point when she was about five or six, and weird things started happening out in the rest of the house. One morning, my husband called me at work. I went to work really early, like 6:30 in the morning, right? He called me about 6:45, and he said, are you at home? I'm like, I'm at work. He said, well, I just heard this really loud noise. I thought you fell down the stairs. I jumped straight up out of bed, ran out there, couldn't find you. I had these, we call them, like, file boxes up the side of the stairs, and I had magazines in them. And they were pushed clear up against the wall. They were pretty heavy. You know, they had a good, you know, 20 magazines in each of them. There's probably about seven of them up, you know, the stairs, pushed straight up against the side of the wall. And what he saw was they were all at the bottom of the stairs. I thought, well, that's weird. So I came home, you know, from work that day, and we tried to debunk it. Like, okay, you know, if we jump up and down on the landing, will they fall down the stairs? If we bang up against the wall, will they fall down the stairs? Nothing. These things were heavy, and every single one of them had shoved out from the wall at the same time and fallen down the stairs at, like, 6:45 in the morning when nobody else was up. My kids were still sleeping. My husband was still sleeping. We didn't have a pet. We thought, well, did a weird animal get in here? But all the doors were shut and locked. There was no, like, random squirrel or raccoon or something that ran in and ransacked our stairway and ran back out. So that was really weird. And then a couple days later, my husband yelled out from the basement and was like, katie, did you pull everything down from the rafters? So I come downstairs. We used to store in the rafters in our storage laundry room. We'd put up, like, our camping Equipment, like our tents and things like that. It was pretty solid up there. Things weren't falling down just randomly. There was no way things could randomly fall down out of the rafters. But all of our camping equipment, everything that was in the rafters was on the floor. My husband was, like, legit happy. He thought that I had tried to reach something up there and just pulled everything down and left it all on the floor. Like, no, I haven't even been in this room in several days. So I don't know why all this stuff's on the floor. And again, we tried to debunk it. You know, we were, like, stomping down the stairs, banging on walls, doing whatever we could to try and get this stuff to fall on its own. Nothing. That's when we're starting to get pretty freaked out. And then things started ramping up with my daughter again. She was getting to the point where she wouldn't go in her room without the lights on, even if it was in the middle of the day, broad daylight. She was terrified. So the lights always have to be on in my room all day, all night. The bad man's coming out of my closet. The bad man will get me. So we started getting pretty scared. And then it was Mother's Day of that year, and my kids had gotten me a new sweatshirt that they knew I wanted, and so they wanted me to try it on right there. So I tried it on. All of a sudden, I feel this burning up my arm. I was like, what is that? So I kind of, like, pull the sweatshirt up on my arm, and there's these three long scratch marks, like, all the way up my right forearm. And I was like, that is weird. So I pulled the sweatshirt off, thinking, oh, there must be something inside of it that had, like, scratched me. Like, is there a tag in there or something? There was nothing. There was literally no reason. And it looked like claw marks, like, and it was three of them. And I took pictures. I still have the pictures. And I was kind of thinking, this seems a little demonic. And then that night, my oldest daughter started screaming. I ran into her room, and she said, mom, my face is burning. And there were three big claw marks down her cheek onto her neck. And again, I'm trying not to scare my kids, but I'm, like, done at this point. We started looking through her bed. You know, is there something in your bed that could have scratched your face? Now, sometimes she was a little kid, she would, like, sneak Doritos into her bed or something. You know, is there crumbs Is there anything? There was literally nothing. And she was a kid who always, like, she really had short nails, so she didn't scratch herself, and she hadn't gone to sleep yet, so she didn't scratch herself in her sleep. Because I asked her that, like, were you scratching your face? Did anything like that happen? She said, no. I was just literally laying here, and my face started burning, and it looked exactly the same as my arm. It was three deep red scratches on her face and her neck. And I took pictures of that, too. So after I got her calmed down, I went out into the hallway and I kind of, like, talked out loud, being like, whatever you are, you don't mess with the wrong person. You can mess with my. My property. You can mess with me. Don't mess with my kids. You are not welcome here. You know, I just kind of went off. And then the next day, I actually called our pastor from our church because I was like, I know this sounds crazy, but here's what's going on. What do we do? I mean, I'm not Catholic, so I can call a priest or anything, but really soon, my preacher came over, and she was like, yeah, I believe you. Things like this are real. So she kind of, like, did a blessing on the house and holy water, and my youngest daughter was terrified to let her into her room. That's where things are happening, right? So she came in the Mustang house, and then we sold the house because I said, I'm not living here anymore with a potential demon or something that is, like, literally harming us now.

[Speaker D] So we sold our house and moved.

[Speaker F] On a month later, and we have not had any issues since, except for my youngest daughter, who is now a teenager, still teaching. She's kind of come to the realization that she's a bit of a medium or a bit of a conduit or something, because everything started when she started, like, walking and talking. So you realize that all of this centered around her, so she's actually seen another person to try and figure out how to keep bad spirits away, how to deal with it. But anyways, that's my story revolving around our old house. I just want to say thank you for the podcast. You just thoroughly enjoy it. Thanks.
