---
title: "Triangle Lights Over Cleveland and Phones Stop Recording"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-06-24
timestamp_start: 3809.7
timestamp_end: 4151.1
timestamp_display: "1:03:29 - 1:09:11"
caller: "JP from Cleveland"
type: "ufo"
location: "Cleveland, Ohio"
source_lines: "58-59"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker E] Hey, Derek. This is JP in Cleveland. It's about 9:00pm on March 30th. So I'm a manager in a restaurant downtown Cleveland, talking to a cook towards the end of shift tonight out back in an alley. After we're done talking, he calls to his girl who's waiting for him in a car nearby and says, hey, would you go look at these lights that are up in the sky? They're crazy. And I go out and I look, and sure enough, there's three lights in a triangle pattern through a slightly overcast sky. And we're looking at them, and we're all kind of tripping out at them. And then the light at the point just blinks out. And then after 30 seconds, it comes back and we're all like, whoa. And all three of us at the same time break out our phones and start recording. After a minute of recording these and seeing a larger, brighter light a little bit to, I would say, the west of the first three lights, we record for about a minute. And all these lights are just, like, hanging out. The bigger ones are kind of fading in and out. And then I noticed that my camera stops recording. Then my cook's friend says her phone stopped recording. The cook said, oh, man, mine did, too. And we all start digging through our phones, and all three of the recordings are missing. It's as if we never recorded anything. And the lights are still in the sky. And as of right now, I was just out there. Again, this happened about half an hour ago, and I was just out there about five minutes ago, and they're still up in the sky. There you go. Love your show, Derek. That was really freaking weird. Have a good night.

[Speaker B] Thank you, jp. Well, that's kind of unusual. It would be one thing if the camera malfunctioned and suddenly stopped the recording. After all, phones do weird things. They're awfully glitchy. I know mine is all the time. But it wasn't just one phone. In fact, it was three. And all three seemed to shut down at the same time, which to me suggests that whatever these lights were, they deplored some sort of scrambling or jamming of the signal that rendered the phone useless. Now, a quick Google search didn't directly explain how such a thing could have even happened. According to much of what I read, a total blocking of the camera and microphone functions would require technology that simply does not exist. Which tells me it either was all a big coincidence, or this power does exist, and it's reserved for certain government operations. I suppose it's possible that invaders from another time, plane or planet might have that ability as well. And. And if they wanted to stay undetected, they could implement this jamming mechanism to keep from showing up on any unwanted videos. But as a self described rational thinker, I can't help but wonder this if they wanted to stay undetected and go unnoticed, then why the hell would they put bright lights on each corner of the craft? That sort of defeats the purpose, methinks. Well, despite that odd observation, this was an awesome entry, jp and it now has me curious if this has happened to anyone else. If so, you know how to reach me. Monsters among us podcastmail.com or give us a call at 888-608-night and thank you again JB for sharing that unusual phone call. And that's gonna do it for tonight folks. A huge thanks for hanging out with us here this evening. I hope you had as much fun exploring my home state as I did. Now, before I duck out of here, I have some info I need to deliver. Monsters Among Us podcast is written and produced by me, Derek Hayes. Copyright Red Crowd Media. Additional support is provided by Sarah Carter Hayes, Delaney Bowers and Connor Ryan. All media used in this production is done so under the protection of fair use. Give us a like and follow on our social media pages, give us a Like and follow on YouTube and leave us a rate and review wherever that sort of thing is possible. Don't forget that you can catch the show every Saturday evening at 10pm Eastern on the Unex digital network. Just visit on xnetwork.com to tune in. And finally, tonight's score was provided by Iron Cthulhu, Apocalypse Co He Music and Carl Casey at Whitebad Audio. Now don't forget to watch our film Shadows in the desert. Visit borregotriangle.com to tune in. And don't forget to join us in the beyond. Go to Monsters Among Us podcast and click the Patreon tab. Get all the instructions on how to join. And don't forget, you can do it for seven days absolutely free. Now I'll catch you all back here on Thursday with a brand new installment. Until then, keep it spooky. And of course, have yourselves a great night.
