---
title: "Large Feline Prints and Kill Sites in South Carolina"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-11-25
timestamp_start: 247.3
timestamp_end: 431.8
timestamp_display: "4:07 - 7:11"
caller: "Donald from South Carolina"
type: "cryptid"
location: "Myrtle Beach area, South Carolina"
source_lines: "2-2"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hey, Derek. This is Donald from South Carolina. I live right around the Myrtle beach area and we've had some bizarre things happen around here. One particular day, one of my neighbors called me over. He bought an extra lot right next to his house just to grow a nice garden. It's probably about a fifth of an acre. He called me over, says, hey, Donald, come on over here. I need you to check something out for me. He goes, I found these like strange prints out by my garden. And we walked over there and took a look at them. And they were large feline prints. They were huge. I mean, they were probably close to the size of my hand with my fingers laid out. And then there was another set of little ones. So I looked at him and said, hey, you got yourself a big cat. You know, cougar, mountain panther, whatever you want to call it, just a large cat. And he was pretty shocked about that. We kind of both had the feeling that something was watching us. It was probably around noon. It was in 2015. It was a clear day out, weather was great. It was just kind of one of those things. We were like, oh, this is kind of odd. So I just told him, I said, hey, listen, just, you know, we had a little bit of debris around where something could hide. You might want to clean that stuff up. Kind of don't make a place for this thing to hide out. And definitely don't go out by yourself at night. If you need, call me, I'll come over with you and we'll do whatever you need to do. And that was pretty much that. Well, the next day I went on Facebook on our neighborhood page, and I wanted to let everybody know, hey, just be careful, there's a large cat out here. And I don't want anybody's pets or anything else to get attacked. We got a couple responses. Some people like, ah, there's no big cat, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And then we had actually a bunch of people say that they had actually seen a large black cat cross the highway. It's called 707. It was pretty interesting. So several people had said they seen it. And then some doubters kept saying, oh, there's nothing there, there's nothing there. Well, my son was taking course lessons on an 80 acre farm, which is just right across from we live. They're building a highway called Highway 31. And I guess that displaced a lot of animals in there. A year before there was a bear. But now we're like, we asked the state and they said there's no such thing. They don't exist here. And. Okay, well, people are seeing it and there's definitely tracks there. So they refuse to even entertain the idea. And then where my son was taking his lessons, I was walking some of the trails and I found a lot of kill there. I found a lot. I found some dead coyotes that were taken down, dogs, cats, a couple of deer. It was pretty interesting, for sure. You know, I had the air in the back of my neck stand up. I personally didn't see anything. I just thought you might be interested in this because I noticed the big cat topic is something that you do talk about from time to time. Well, anyway, Derek, love the show. Keep up the good work and thank you very much for all that. You do have a great day. Bye.
