---
title: "Metallic Cigar UFO and Orange Orb"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-11-20
timestamp_start: 2468.9
timestamp_end: 2719.2
timestamp_display: "41:08 - 45:19"
caller: "Sarah from Florida"
type: "ufo"
location: "Florida and Iowa"
source_lines: "64-64"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hi, this is Sarah from Florida. Tonight I wanted to tell you about my UFO sightings. The first one was I was about 10 years old and my mom used to put all our clean clothes in this back bedroom and there was a window there. Then we'd have to find our clothes to get ready for school. And I was just kind of looking out the window. It was cloudy and at that time it was in the 60s I believe that they were having these sightings of UFOs off of Lake Michigan that they said were metal and cigar shaped. So I'm looking and I see this metal object. It was long, cigar shaped and metallic. It was pretty shiny and it was going in and out of the clouds like it dropped down and then it moved around and then zip. It was going really Fast. And there wasn't at that time a helicopter that I ever heard of that could go that fast. Plus, I didn't see any kind of propellant on it or wings or anything. So I was staring at it, and my mom came marching in, wondering what was taking me so long. And I pointed out to her. So we stood and watched it for a while. And it just zipped in and out of clouds and rise up and disappear and then pop down again, move around, zipping around, and then go back in the clouds. So that's the first sighting. And the second one, it was, I believe, in maybe 78, 79, I'm not sure exactly. And we were staying at my aunt's farm out in Iowa just for a couple weeks. So she liked a stargaze. And she lived way out in the country, so you could really see the stars and everything. And so my aunt, my mom, me, my great aunt, and my sister all walked out down the dirt road. My aunt wanted to listen to coyotes because it was going to be a full moon. So we walk out there, and we didn't see any coyotes, but there was the moon. And as we were walking, we glanced up at it. Then we noticed how orange it was. It was this brilliant, dark, deep orange. You know, when the moon's rising, how massive it is. So we were admiring that, and then I started thinking, there's no face on it. And then I realized the moon is over there. And I said, that's not the moon. And we all looked at it. And all of a sudden it just zipped back almost to the horizon behind some trees. It was still low. It was so massive, the trees were silhouetted in front of it there. And then as we continued to watch it, it just zoomed over the horizon. It was gone. We just stood there for a long time. And my sister started coming that Twilight Zone tune. And we stared at, you know, where it had gone to. And none of us said anything after that. We just all walked back to my aunt's house. Nobody ever said anything about it again. It was just the strangest thing. And years later, I mentioned to my sister, and she doesn't remember it. And of course, all the other people where they were elderly in the first place, they passed on. So anyway, I ran into some friends right after when we got home. And they said that at that same time, she lived near that Mississippi River. And on the other side of the river, there was a cop who was following this orange orb for quite some time. And then it passed over the Mississippi. And I had Heard that there was a woman who started a UFO project study years ago at some university. And that's what got her started was seeing these orange orbs in Iowa around that time period. And I never did call her. I just thought the whole thing was just something I didn't even want to talk about at the time. But anyway, I wanted to unload it on you and thanks for your podcast. I'm enjoying it. Bye.
