---
title: "Ghost Presence 35 Year Old Man Confirmed"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-12-16
timestamp_start: 996.7
timestamp_end: 1305.9
timestamp_display: "16:36 - 21:45"
caller: "Zio from Washington"
type: "ghost"
location: "Central Coast, California"
source_lines: "22-22"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker A] Hi Derek, My name is Zio. I live in Washington State now, but this story takes place in Central Coast California and it takes place in the early 2000s when I was about 15 years old. I lived with my dad and his fiance at the time. They got engaged very quickly and I really disliked her and we lived in this pretty amazing house. We didn't live there for very long, but I started to experience strange things in that house. And the first one was I lived in this room in the back of the house and it had French doors out onto a back patio. And one time I was in the bathroom that was just outside of my bedroom. And when I left my bedroom, I know that the doors were closed. I almost never opened those French doors. And I was in the bathroom and my bedroom door was open and my dad came home with our two rambunctious dogs and they went running through the house and into my room and then they didn't come back out of my room and my dad came running after them and was sort of shouting at me for leaving my French doors open. And I said I didn't. And that happened a few times. And then one night I was reading in bed and I just got this sense that someone was standing next to my bed pretty close to me. Not like intimidatingly close to me, but fairly close. And I just felt this presence and I didn't see anything. I looked up, I didn't see a figure, but I just felt this presence. And I noted that I didn't feel scared. Like I knew someone was standing there looking at me, but I didn't feel scared. And I somehow also knew that it was a man and that he was in his mid-30s. It was very strange to just Know this. And sometime later, I was at dinner with my dad and his fiance and we heard a door close in the house. It could have been the wind, who knows? But it prompted my dad's fiance to say, welcome, join us. She was very eccentric. And she turned to me and she said, oh, did you know we have a ghost? And I almost never talked to her, but I couldn't help myself because I was really excited. And I said, yeah, I do know that. But I didn't want to say anything about it. I wanted to hear what she had to say to see if we had a similar impression of this ghost. And she was telling me she had spent a few nights on the couch downstairs because she had a cough and she didn't want to wake my dad up. And we had these battery powered electric candles, like cheesy fake candles on the mantle. And the way that you would turn them on, you had to pick them up. And there was a little toggle switch on the bottom. And she woke up coughing. And one of them was on. And then she went back to sleep. And the next time she woke up coughing, a different one was on. And she said that she didn't feel scared, she felt a presence, but she felt like it was comforting, which is similar to how I had felt. So then I asked, do you think it's a man or a woman? And she said almost immediately, it's a man. And I said, how old do you think he is? And she said, 35. I have tried to look into it just recently, actually. I did track down the son of the people who owned it at the time. The previous owners are no longer living. The son was very amused that I was looking into this, but he didn't know anything about it. I was just trying to find out if maybe a man in his mid-30s died in that house before we lived there. But I haven't been able to find that information. I even called county records office. And anyway, if anyone has any ideas about how to find this kind of information, you can track me down on the Internet. I'm a musician. I have a website, Zeo Bookbinder. Z E O B O E k b I n--e-r.com you can pretty easily find me and message me if you have thoughts on how to find out if somebody died in that house that I lived in. I know the address. Really enjoying your show. Thank you.
