---
title: "Voice on Phone Says Not Yet Before Accident"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-12-19
timestamp_start: 3900.9
timestamp_end: 4127.0
timestamp_display: "1:05:00 - 1:08:47"
caller: "Brianna"
type: "other"
location: "Kings Park, Long Island, New York"
source_lines: "57-57"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker A] Hi, my name is Brianna. This is the second time I'm calling in. So my husband and I, we started dating when we were both in high school. And this took place then around like 2006. And I was hanging out his house and he was going to drive me home, but I couldn't find my phone. So we got in the car, we were about to leave and I realized that I didn't have it. So we went back in to look for it took about like a minute. We found it pretty soon after going in, but it delayed us like about a minute or two. And we grew up in Kings Park, Long island, and there's a abandoned psychiatric center there. And it's very creepy. And growing up we used to explore the ground and it's actually a park now there. Anyway, to get to my house from his house, we used to have to drive through that area, through the psych center grounds. And he was driving me home. And those roads are super dark, super windy, really creepy. And we round one of the bends there in the road and we encounter a overturned car. And we start pulling up and it just happened like probably 30 seconds before we came up upon it. We pull up, we obviously stop, and we see a younger kid literally crawling out from the wreckage. And he runs up to the car and he's, you know, screaming for help. And he had two other friends in the car with him and they were getting out as well. And you know, at this point we're both out of the car and I pull my phone out and as I'm pulling it out, I realized that I just missed the call. And it was an unknown number. And that area gets barely any reception, like barely. So I'm trying to call 911 and you know, finally I get through and we, you know, stay with the kids until the cops came. And then my husband, then boyfriend drives me home. And as we're pulling up to my house, I see that I had a voicemail and I listened to it and it's like super staticky and all I hear is a voice saying not yet. And it kind of sounds like if you've ever seen the Mothman prophecies, it kind of sounded like that voice that comes in on the phone and it was so scary. We listened to it several times and definitely said not yet. And the only thing we could think is if we had left when we were going to leave before going back for my phone, that overturned car was in our lane. We might have been in that lane and they might have crashed into us. And that's the only thing we could think is that we avoided something catastrophic. And my husband, he is petrified of the Mothman now. He can't watch that movie, can't think about it, he won't talk about it because it scared us that much. And I tried to call back that number and it was non existent. So very creepy. It creeps us out to this day. So I thought I would share it with you guys. I love the podcast. Thank you so much. All right, bye.
