---
title: "Illuminated Face in Dark Bedroom Corner"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-12-18
timestamp_start: 2215.3
timestamp_end: 2419.8
timestamp_display: "36:55 - 40:19"
caller: "Tasha from Texas"
type: "ghost"
location: "Randolph, Massachusetts"
source_lines: "44-44"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hi, my name is Tasha and I'm calling from Texas. The event that occurred to me actually did not occur in Texas. This occurred in Randolph, Massachusetts. And I was up there on November 4th. It's Thursday, actually the fifth that it happened because it was early in the morning. I went to bed on Wednesday and I was actually at a friend's house. I was in the spare bedroom and I actually was sleeping on a blow up bed. This was already the third, fourth day that I was sleeping in that room. As soon as you turn off the lights, it's complete darkness. There's no light coming in from the windows, there's no nightlight. It's just complete darkness. And the two windows that are there are actually right next to the bed and they are covered with a velvet black curtain. So it's complete darkness. So that night I went to bed and I don't know why, but I had this odd. I wouldn't really say it was a nightmare just because of the fact that, I mean, I would think a nightmare would be more monsters, I suppose. But this dream basically was me yelling at either my dog or a kid, telling them not to go next to this person on the opposite side of a pool that has been drained. Basically there was this old man laughing and it wasn't a very creepy like smile or anything, but it was just overall odd. I didn't like it. And I'm yelling and yelling and I'm thinking that maybe I woke myself up from that yelling. Somehow I just woke myself up. I am laying on my side. As soon as I open my eyes, I just automatically lift up my head. There is no need for it. I could have just opened my eyes and closed it, but instead I just opened my eyes and just look straight at the corner of the room right next to me basically. And as I do so I see a face. Now I'm staring at this face for a while because I'm thinking, okay, I'm just like seeing things. As I start looking down, I start realizing, oh my gosh, this person is wearing clothes. So as soon as I had that realization that there's a man in my room, I screamed and you know, pulled the covers to my face and I started praying out loud. Now, normally I would think I wouldn't be scared, but I don't know. I just started praying. As soon as I finished my prayer, I felt brave enough to grab my phone, turn on the flashlight, scanning the room. Nothing was there. Now, this thing that I saw in the corner, his face, it looked like it was illuminated again. This room is complete darkness. And somehow I was able to see the details of his face as if there was kind of like a spotlight over his head. Well, anyways, I could see the face and I could see down and I could see that he's wearing kind of an older type shirt, kind of like a button down shirt with a kind of jacket or vest or something over it. So that's what really creeped me out. After I got up, standing in the room with my flashlight, I went running to wake up my friend. He checked their room to check the closet because I was like, there was somebody in my room. He's like, nobody's in here. Nobody can get in because his roommate is a cop. So there's no way anyone's gonna come in because they have like the whole house, like with cameras and everything. So I basically sat in my bed typing all this out so I wouldn't forget. And I looked at the time and the time was 2:58 when I looked at it. So it happened sometime between 250 and 258. Well, thanks for letting me share this story. Bye.
