---
title: "Supportive Hooded Entity Beside Bed"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-11-27
timestamp_start: 3739.2
timestamp_end: 4249.9
timestamp_display: "1:02:19 - 1:10:49"
caller: "Anonymous"
type: "ghost"
location: "Unknown"
source_lines: "53-53"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker I] These are some memories that I have when I first moved into the house that I live in now. And they are based around my bed. So I moved into the place that I'm in now 12 years ago, and I had my great aunt Zona's bed frame. And I had had it before this house, but I always liked it when I go to my grandmother's house. I grew up sleeping in it. It was in her guest bedroom. And then when they downsized, I got that bed frame. And I never met my great Aunt Zona. She had passed before I was born. So anyways, I moved into this new place. I got my bed all situated, I got my bedroom all situated and began living from here. It was a hard time in my life. I was a newer single mom. Stressful time, stressful divorce. And I needed to go back to school to figure out my life. And my kid at that time was a toddler or, you know, whatever three or four is. At one point during my college career, I had to commute a pretty good distance. So get the kid, take myself to school, bring myself back, get the kid, make dinner, have some quality time with said kid, and, you know, do homework, make sure I have enough sleep, because I'm crazy if I don't have sleep. You know, that sort of thing just hard. And so when I would lay down to bed, I would almost, almost pass right out. But before I did, I noticed, I don't know, that there was one time that I noticed it was more like kind of fading into my memory, that there was a feeling that there was something standing beside my bed, kind of at my head, just beside my side, looking down at me. And while that sounds completely horrific, terrifyingly awful, it didn't feel that way. It felt almost concerned and supportive. And although it didn't ever move or express or gesture anything, it did feel like I said. It did feel like it was listening, concerned, interested. And so right before bed, I would talk to it out loud. I'd whisper, if I had my kid in the house with me. And I would just tell it what was happening for me that day. And, I don't know, everything, you know, good, bad, hard, beautiful, all the things. And at some point over the years, I mean, this went on not every single night. I may not engage with it every single night, but, you know, if I wanted to, bam, it was there. And sometimes it was there before I thought about it. I started expressing gratitude for it, even towards it, you know, I'd say, you know, thank you so much for being here. Interestingly enough, I can't explain this. I have no understanding or reference, nor have I heard about anything like this. But while it was standing beside me, it also seemed like it multiplied itself around all three sides of the bed. And each one of itself was a little more faded than the one before. So the one beside me was pretty strongly there. It was kind of like a shape or a hooded, cloaked. Not a lot of definition there. And then the one beside it was a little bit lighter, a little bit faded, and then so on all the way around until, like, you know, if there was somebody sleeping beside me, which it wasn't, but then it would hardly be over there. It didn't seem like more than one, energetically. I don't know how to explain that. It all seemed like the same being, just kind of spreading itself out thin around the bed. I don't know if that related to my Great Aunt Zona or if it had to do with the house. I'm thinking that it might have to do with the house. So over time, I graduated college, got a job, things got a little bit easier. At least I didn't have to do homework all the time. Just things were a little lifted, less stressful. And I've always kind of connected with my Great Aunt Zona and her sister, who was my Great Aunt Bess. And they both had passed before I was born. And I know that Great Aunt Bess wanted to meet me. She passed, actually, like, I was a month late. And Grant, Aunt Zona died during that time. So I just missed her, you know. So I have pictures of them in the house, and I talk to them a lot. I wouldn't say that I see them, but I just feel like they're here. I don't know. I say that because this just didn't feel like that. I guess the entity around my bed felt like it was interacting with me. Whereas when I call on my Great Aunt Bess and my Great Aunt Zona, it's more like a prayer. It's more like a feeling of prayer with them. So one day, it occurred to me that I had been kind of interacting with this entity around the house. I would start talking to it. I don't even know if it was the same entity or not, honestly. But it wasn't really around my bed so much anymore. I didn't need it to be around my bed. But one day I thought, you know, I wonder if they're stuck here in this house. Here I am spilling my guts, and they're nice enough to listen and be supportive and compassionate. But what if they're actually stuck here? You know, what about them? So I just felt really deeply about this. All of a sudden one day, and I sat on my bed, I pushed my door closed because my kid doesn't want to hear anything about this. It freaks him out. I started to kind of whisper, you know, in a way that my kid wouldn't hear. I'd say, if you're there, would you please come in to my bedroom? I just want to talk to you about something. And lo and behold, my bedroom door opens, and I was so expecting something to happen that it didn't freak me out. And I just said to it, you know, everything I just said, you know, I realized that I just feel you wandering around the house. And, you know, if you happen to be locked in here in some way, I want you to know that I free you. I want you to feel free to leave this house whenever you want to. And because you seem kind, compassionate, respectful, you can come back if you want to. But just know I right now break all binds, you know, all promises, all anything that has kept you here, if indeed you are kept here so that you may leave. And when you leave, I hope that you find the most beautiful next chapter that you can possibly experience. I never felt it again. And there was a part of me that really wanted to be like, oh, wait, I miss you. But I make sure not to try to talk to that. I never do, actually. And I'm actually standing right outside my front door right now because I don't want to pull back in something that I have given a choice to. If it wanted to leave, then it should go. And it did. And it was such a beautiful experience. I didn't know if it was something that you all would be interested in. Thanks.
