---
title: "Mimic of Mother with Knife and Evil Smile"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-12-04
timestamp_start: 873.2
timestamp_end: 1077.4
timestamp_display: "14:33 - 17:57"
caller: "Rachel from Virginia"
type: "doppelganger"
location: "Virginia"
source_lines: "14-14"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] Hi Derek, this is Rachel calling. I'm from Virginia, and I wanted to call in and share my story regarding mimics. I never really knew what mimics were, but when I grew up and started listening to stories and things like that, I realized that I may have had my own encounter with a mimic as a child. And this mimic would be something mimicking my mother. And the first experience I had with this was I was about four or five years old and I had woken up and I looked in my doorway and I saw my mom standing there, what looks like my mom, but she had a very bizarre, like, evil looking smile on her face. And she was holding a butcher knife. And I was really confused as a kid because I didn't really understand because I'm like, this is my mom. So I kind of just like looked away. And then when I looked back, it wasn't there. And then I just went back to sleep. And I asked her about it the next morning and she had no clue what I was talking about. And she just told me it was a nightmare. And, you know, I chalked it up to it being a nightmare. So When I was 16, I was dating this guy at the time and he lived with us. And he went into the kitchen to get something to eat. And he came all of a sudden, like, rushing down the hallway, like, back into my room. And like, he looked truly petrified. And when I asked him what was wrong, he's like, I don't want to talk about it. And like, that guy definitely did not get easily scared. And finally when he told me, he said that he was making a bowl of cereal. And when he turned and looked, there was my mom standing there, but she was like hunched over and she just looked like really like evil. And then he like turned away and turned back and it was gone. And then we asked my mom about it. She had again, no clue what we were talking about. And then the last encounter that I experienced was when I got home one night. I walked through the door. We had like this little foyer area. And then there was a set of stairs that went up and then down. And when you looked up, you saw our kitchen. And I remember clear as day seeing my mom standing in the kitchen, putting silverware away. So I turn, take off my shoes, start walking upstairs, and all of a sudden I see her sitting all the way in the back dining room. And they're like a pretty good room apart. Like, there's literally no way that she could have made her way from the kitchen all the way to the back dining room. By the time I walked up a few steps, I asked her, I was so confused. I was like, how did you get in there so fast? And she's like, what are you talking about? And I was like, you were just standing here putting silverware away. And she's like, no, I've been sitting here the whole time. And that was the last kind of encounter that I had with it. But anytime I think about this, I get instant chills and it really freaks me out just to have like multiple experiences and it all being like my mom in the same kind of like creepy version of her has definitely always kind of freaked me out. But that was in our old house and I've never experienced anything since moving out of that house. So I don't know, just weird coincidences or not. But it's definitely something that has freaked me out and I. I don't know if it could be a possible mimic, but hopefully I never have to encounter seeing my mother's so called mimic again because it was scary. But thanks for everything you do. I love the show and can't wait to continue to hear the new episode. Thanks.
