---
title: "Tar Covered Creature with Red Eyes in Shed"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-06-17
timestamp_start: 4024.1
timestamp_end: 4305.8
timestamp_display: "1:07:04 - 1:11:45"
caller: "G from Houston"
type: "cryptid"
location: "Houston, Texas"
source_lines: "50-50"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker A] Hey Derek. I'll just go by G. I'm from Houston. This took place years, years before 9 11. But this involved a house where my grandparents rented out. And behind that house they basically built a shed right there. But when I was a small child, I was flying outside by myself, you know, being dumb, throwing rocks around and whatnot. And I heard knocking coming out from that shed. To give you an idea, the shed is made out of tin. It was made out of those corrugated metal tin panels. But I heard knocking or heard movement there. Me being the young, dumb little kid that was brave and fearless, decided to run over there and see what's going on. The second I got to the door, I. I want to say it was a shadow person. I'm not really sure what it was, but I still remember vividly in my mind. Basically the second I passed the shit door, I saw. It jumped out at me, both hands extended out towards me and I heard a God awful gurgling scream. The thing was black, it looked like it was covered in tar. It had glowing red Eyes. And I saw its teeth. Its teeth were all jagged and broken. Yeah. Even to this day, it still scares me. I was less than 7 years old. I still remember vividly. It was a clear, cool breeze. It was a perfect summer day. Afterwards, they said they found me in my grandma's arms, inconsolable, crying, asking what happened. And I wouldn't say. It wasn't until years and years and years later when I told my mom about the story, when I finally fessed up to her, she told me before they built the shit over there, that it was my grandfather, my father, and my uncle building that shit. That shit was basically used for laundry, storage and whatnot. They had told me that as they were digging up, putting a foundation, they had found human remains. But at the time, my grandfather and father were undocumented at that time, So I don't know what was going through their minds. They thought it would be better to keep it quiet and not tell anybody, but to make a big fuss about it. And then she goes on to tell me that it was probably those missing bones. Because when they found the bones, they left them over there overnight. They were discussing whether to call the police or not. And then when they decided to call the police, they went to see if the bones were still there. They were missing. It was just weird. That shit had its own little mysteries. Missing stuff, missing pets or whatnot. And there's more stories to that property they used to live on before it was bulldogs and men to new homes. Basically. Weird things happening at that property. During my short time of me remembering living there. Like, I think my mother saw a weird reptilian creature on all fours, basically crawled over the fence, crawled in front of our property. And then the house that I lived in was literally adjacent to the property where the shit happened. My mom saw the whole thing, and I asked her about it, and she's like, I don't know what that was or whatnot, but by the time I got there, I happened to see the tail of it. And the tail, well, with age, I'm able to tell the size of it. If my memory serves right, that tail was almost 8ft long. It was massive. It went through the shed, and as my mom tried to look on the other side, it basically disappeared. It looked like it went to a different dimension. And then, like, weird stuff happened around that piece of property. I don't know if you ever got any calls about it from Houston, but the houses that used to be there on that street, on 25th street, are long gone now. Now it's new town homes, new apartments and whatnot. So you'll be hard pressed to hear anything from over there. But keep up the good work, Derek. Thank you. Okay, bye.
