---
title: "EVP Recording at South Point Mental Institute"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-11-18
timestamp_start: 730.5
timestamp_end: 1114.5
timestamp_display: "12:10 - 18:34"
caller: "Justin from southwestern Pennsylvania"
type: "ghost"
location: "Canonsburg, Pennsylvania"
source_lines: "33-33"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hey, Derek. This is Justin the fireman from southwestern Pennsylvania again. So me and this dude were hanging out one night, you know, just kicking it forward, and we end up hitting up these two girls we were interested in. The two girls come and pick us up and we go and we're like, man, what are we going to do? Let's do something. So we're like, let's go ghost hunting. Let's go get in something spooky. You know, it's late at night, and we're like, yeah, let's do that. So we're looking up, like, notorious haunted places around us. This old South Point mental institute in Canterburg, which was 15, 20 miles away from us, something like that. Nice little trip, you know, hang out in the car, listen to music, whatever. And it was obviously a dilapidated building. Everything was bored up. We should not have been in the building. So we go out there. There's four of us. We have one flashlight. The rest are cell phone lights. Nothing serious, you know, going out, gigging around, doing stuff we shouldn't, being kids. So we go into this building, right? Spooky vibes, man. I mean, this building is an old mental institution. It's dilapidated, no power, you know, spray paint, graffiti walls. There's actually like a dirt ramp going up to an old window that's busted out. We had to climb through the window. I have the flashlight. So we go walking in to like, I don't know, I guess it was like a kitchen area. And we're like, see the basement? Looking down the basement steps and everything. We start to like. I don't know what it was, but I know that it got really cold where we were in the kitchen area and we started hearing things. Granted, it could have been critters, could have been anything else, but we got freaked out, the girls got freaked out. So we're like, okay, all right, that's cool. We've seen enough. Let's get out of here. So we go back to the room where we came into the window, and we're getting ready to go out. And I'm like last, you know, trying to be the tough guy for the girls, you know, with the flashlight, standing guard at the back. And the loudest, I mean, the loudest bang I ever heard in my life. Granted, it doesn't mean it's paranormal. It could have been a homeless person, anything. There was no one else around. I don't know what it was, but the loudest bang I ever heard in my life, short of a shotgun, I mean, it shook the whole building. Just my instinct right away was, I'm out, I'm gone. Self preservation mode. Fight or flight. I wasn't fighting. I was out that window. But the bad part is I was out the window with the flashlight and before everybody else. So the girls and my buddy are still in this room. I didi out the window, like face first style. Tuck and roll, hope for the best. I land, roll, get up, start running. I literally turn around as the one girl is the final one jumping out of the window, landing on top of the other two. And I felt instantly terrible. And I knew that the chance that I had with this female was over because I just left them high and dry. Like, I was gone, though. So I go running back over. I'm like, you guys okay? The one girl busted her knee up. It was a mess, right? So we all get out of there. Everybody stands up, run back to the car, get in the car. But one girl was crying. The other one's like, oh, my knee. You know, it was just a mess. What was that? What was that? I don't know. I don't know. You left us. I heard the bang. I was gone. I wasn't sticking around to find out. I'm sorry. You should have been, like, right behind me. You should have went first. I don't know. So we leave, you know, they drop us off. We actually do end up hanging out again. Same group. Actually, it was five of us this time. Two of my buddies, me and the two girls, we go back. This time, we ended up, you know, back in the South Point. We're exploring more. And this time, me and my buddies were drinking. The girls weren't drinking, but me and my buddies were drinking. And we go up to this old, like, common area. I guess it was up on the steps. You know, we're creeping around the hospital. We're taking our dull time. Freak out. I mean, I was just thinking of the bang the whole time, you know? And we got our cell phones out, and we sit in this comma, and we're like, all right, let's do an EVP session. So we do an EVP session, and my buddy John and me were the only two talking. You know, the girls were down the other end. The other dude that was there was with them down the other end, like, sitting on the windowsill or whatever. Me and him were kind of in between the door of the common area and door of the hallway, and we're, you know, talking. We're asking questions, and, man, I wish I still had the EVP recording. I had it for the longest time. So you hear me ask a question, you know, the basic common question. Who are you? What did you die from? You know, what do you want? You know, what's death? Like, blah, blah, blah. So as I'm talking, you know, I pause and wait for the response, like you're supposed to. And everybody called me Po growing up. That was my nickname. The first response was clearly an evp, a whisper. I don't know if it was a man or a woman. There was a whisper, and it said po, just like that. And obviously, we didn't hear in real time. This was later. We heard it. You know, we didn't listen to him then and there. And then the Next EVP was I said, don't be scared, talk to us. You know, trying to be tough guy, I guess I probably provoking like I shouldn't do. The next one is definitely a male and he definitely wasn't whispering. It was kind of raspy. We're not scared just like that. I honestly didn't hear anything in real time, but yeah, man. We ended up going home and calling it a night and listening to the EVPs, I think. But one girl that I was interested in sent them to me the next day and I heard them clear as day. She pointed them out like it was insane. That was the first time I ever caught any evidence. But love the show. Do what you're doing, bro. Keep doing it. Appreciate you, Bye.
