---
title: "Bathroom Doorknob Rattling for 40 Minutes"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-11-11
timestamp_start: 2472.2
timestamp_end: 2675.3
timestamp_display: "41:12 - 44:35"
caller: "Anonymous from Vancouver"
type: "ghost"
location: "Vancouver, Canada"
source_lines: "39-39"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hey, Dirk. So I have a story about a bathroom experience I had which was pretty disturbing. And it was the most frightening experience of my life. It takes place in 2015 on a sunny afternoon in Vancouver, Canada. At this time, I was living alone in a first floor apartment. Out of habit, I always locked my front door. I'd also lock my washroom, even if I was home alone and nobody else was there, just out of habit. So one day, while I was using the washroom, I heard someone try to come in. What I mean by this is my doorknob made the sound of somebody trying the door, realizing it was locked, and then stopping after a second. So, you know when you use, like, a public washroom, you go try the door Someone's in there. So you just. You stop immediately. So naturally I was pretty scared. I had a hard time moving. I was pretty spooked. But being a rational person at the time, after that moment of fear, I was able to brush it off as me just hearing things. So I finished my business and then I heard it again. So this was not in my head. I decided, I decided that somebody was trying to get in my washroom. And both the front door and bathroom doors were locked. So somebody must have come in through the window. Then I realized that there were no window sounds before this. I didn't hear anybody stepping around the apartment. I didn't hear any breathing or ruffling of jackets. So I came to the slightly ridiculous conclusion of two possibilities. One, I was either losing my mind, which, you know, it's fine, it happens, right? Or there was an incredibly skilled burglar or spy at my house. Obviously that second option is insane, but to a rational person, I guess it's more logical than a spooky ghost or something. So I heard it again. I was getting very frightened. Started messaging my friends on Skype about what they can make. That sound wasn't very helpful. I even googled doorknob sound. Of course the only results were ghost related. Anyways, this went on for a solid 40 minutes. It happened a total of seven times. And I remember writing down the exact times of these sounds on my iPhone and the notepad. I also wrote, there is no way this is in your head. Years from now you will be able to brush the story off, but it is actually happening. You're actually hearing this. So the rational side of me knew there was someone there or I was having a mental breakdown. In either case, I felt like it was appropriate to call the police. So I called them. Then I called my mom and she came by with my brother. When the police arrived, I finally opened up my bathroom door and not surprisingly, there was nobody there. I let the police in anyways. They did some checks to make sure I wasn't high. And after they left, my mom and brother arrived. They knew this was serious because there is no way I'm the kind of guy who would pull this kind of shit. Especially since they lived over a half hour drive away. So my brother and I tinkered with the doorknob, trying to come up with an explanation. Maybe it was an insect in the knob or mild earthquakes or construction. It wasn't a loose knob by any means, so I don't know why it would be the only thing reacting to mild tremors. Maybe something to do with magnets. Who knows? Anyways, that was the most terrifying moment of my life, and to this day, I don't know what happened. If there are any doorknob experts out there, I'd love to hear your opinions. I know there was somebody that made toys that came on a while ago and gave some great advice to a lady that had a toy problem. So shout out to doornob pupil. Please give me an explanation for this. That'd be awesome. Thanks for the great podcast, Garruk. Keep up the great work and have a great day, everyone. Bye.
