---
title: "People Wearing Sunglasses at Night in Borrego Springs"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-11-20
timestamp_start: 1901.3
timestamp_end: 2067.1
timestamp_display: "31:41 - 34:27"
caller: "Dark Apollo"
type: "other"
location: "Borrego Springs, California"
source_lines: "43-43"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] Hi, Derek. Listeners, this is Dark Apollo. So this happened in the fall of 2021 in Borrego Springs. My sister had invited me to go with her two children to go see the metal statues that they have over there of animals and dinosaurs. We drove around the town and took pictures and everything like that. And at dusk, we were at the dinosaur area on the outskirts of Borrego Springs, and we had to use the bathroom, and we were hungry, so we went to this restaurant, which I'm not going to say which one it is. My sister parked the car and she went ahead of me with my niece, and I was with my nephew, who walked really slow. And we walked through the outside eating area. It was packed. So while we were walking through this crowd of people that were eating, they all stared at us, all of them, at the same time. And this is the weird part, also, it was already dark. Like, the sun had already set. It was just a little bit of orange on the mountain range. And so all of them were wearing sunglasses. Derek, this is the weirdest thing I've ever seen. I'm like, why are they wearing sunglasses? It's dark. Yeah, there was lights outside in the patio, but I'm like, we're still dim. Okay, whatever. Like I said, I was agitated that they were all looking at us. I'm like, you guys have no shame. Okay, whatever. Like, the whole time we're walking through, and even in the restaurant, it was weird. I noticed that the employees were very nervous and kind of distracted. They didn't even acknowledge us. They didn't acknowledge anybody that went through. Even people that were picking up their takeout, they were not really paying attention to them. And I noticed that the servers were taking out the same dish, which was samosas, but it was just, like, one samosa, a plate, which I'm like, okay, well, that's weird. Like, that was the only thing that was being taken out. And I'm like, okay, whatever. We did use a restroom, luckily. So we were waiting for someone to give us, you know, a table, but no one did. And my sister did finally go up to the hostess, and the hostess basically snapped at my sister, which I thought was uncalled for. And I got mad and I didn't want to upset them any longer. They seemed upset already, so I didn't want to say anything about that. So we decided to leave. At least we got to use the restroom. But yeah, there these people out in the eating area, they were wearing sunglasses at night. They all look the same, actually, even though they were closed, they all looked the same. I thought it was really weird. And the employees inside the restaurant were also acting a little peculiar. So I'm like, okay, what's going on here? On the way back home, I was reliving this stuff and so I got this feeling that the people outside, they work together. And this weird, crazy thought came in my head. I'm like, oh, maybe they work underground. And underground bases in the mountain range and the Santa Rosa Mountains. That's between me, where I live now and Borrego Springs. So I would like to know what you think about that. Have a good day. Yeah, goodbye.
