---
title: "Demon Yelling and Men in Black Visit"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-11-27
timestamp_start: 2160.2
timestamp_end: 2366.6
timestamp_display: "36:00 - 39:26"
caller: "Christina from Lompoc, California"
type: "ghost"
location: "Terre Haute, Indiana"
source_lines: "28-28"
first_person: false
---

[Speaker F] Hello, my name is Christina. I'm living in Lompoc, California right now. This isn't my story necessarily. It is my grandma's story, but she, you know, died 10 years ago. So as it was told to me back in 1970 something, when my mom was a pre pubescent, they lived in this house and everything was decent in the house until my mom's brother and his friends went up in the attic and they tore up all of the stuff that was up there that belonged to the previous homeowner. They also pawned some of the stuff that they could get money for and whatever was still remaining. My grandma had asked my mom and her sisters to put back up in the attic and organized. And I guess after that, the room that the girls were sleeping in started having incidents that weren't occurring before that point. So there were like scratching on the windows, tapping it sound like scratching at the trim in the room, things scurrying across the floor. And my mom and her sisters would complain to my grandma about this. And of course, you know, my grandma probably thought that they had an overactive imagination, but she agreed to switch rooms with them. And she did. And what happened when she switch rooms was one day she came home from work. She worked nights, so it was the daytime. She came home that morning and she went to sleep. And she claims to have awoken to something yelling, sharon, look at me. Look at me, Sharon. She refused to look at whatever this thing was, but she thought that it was probably a demon. And I guess it just kept repeating that over and over again. And finally my mom came knocking at her door and the voice stopped. And I guess my grandma says she got out of that bed and that day she switched the rooms back because she wasn't going to deal with that anymore. That took place in Terre Haute, Indiana. And then another story, this is also not mine. This was a story of my great grandparents who have also passed. They lived in Indiana as well, but more out in the country. And one evening, my great grandpa, he had three visitors knock on his door. He opened the door, and two men wearing black suits and a woman wearing a long black dress stood in front of him. My great grandpa, you know, since he lived out in the country, he was certainly surprised to see anybody. And as he was standing there looking at them, he noticed that they didn't have any feet. They were floating. The men, they said to my grandpa, come on, Chet, we're waiting on you. It's time to go. And Chet was my great grandpa's name. My great grandpa said, yeah, sure, I'll be There in a minute. He shut and locked the door. I mean, he wasn't going to go out there with him. And I guess they showed up later that night. So the very next day, my great grandpa, he got out and he started looking for a new house to rent because he felt like it was haunted. Yeah, those are my two stories. Thank you for letting me submit them.
