---
title: "Little Elf with Bells and Claws Between Holidays"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-12-23
timestamp_start: 2496.8
timestamp_end: 2857.9
timestamp_display: "41:36 - 47:37"
caller: "Arletta"
type: "cryptid"
location: "Unknown"
source_lines: "26-26"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] I think I was maybe between nine or 10, maybe eight, the youngest that I had this first visitation. And it always seemed like it happened between Thanksgiving holidays and Christmas holidays. It was like when everybody was all festive and happy and everything. And I would have this dream. At first I thought it was a dream. I'll tell you about the first visitation because after that things changed. Because of things that I had to do to protect myself. The first time I was sleep and I could hear these little jingle bells, little twinkling bells, like running through the house, you know, like running from one room to the next to a corner to the next. And I was sleeping. It kind of woke me up, but I just laid there and kept my eyes closed because I didn't know what was. Was going on. Kind of scared me. And I seen this little man. I guess he was not quite 2ft tall, probably was smaller than that, this little elf. But I had seen him darting across the room and everything. And he was really fast. He would think about him being fast like if it was a mouse running, you know, he was just that fast. But he had real big feet and they curled up at the toes. He actually had bells on his toes because the shoes were curled up. And he was kind of dressed in green and some black, like a black cape, like hoodie. And he was just ugly, like little short clawed like hands. He was like blackish skin, dark skin. I think he had like a dirty beard. It kind of reminds you of like a bat face. When he opened his mouth, he had all these pointed teeth and everything. His eyes were like bloodshot red and he had a hood on with like a little cape. But I just, you know, was chilling and everything laying there, but I was scared. So finally he was creeping to the bed because me and my sister, we always slept in the same room, but we had our own beds. So I looked at him walk all around her twin bed and peep over her covers and look in her face and all this kind of stuff. So then I was getting scared. So finally he came to me and I was scared and finally I just opened my eyes and looked at him. And when I did that, he just hollered and screeched and. And all just scared me to death the way he was hollering and screeching and flaring and flaring his arms and everything. And I can remember screaming and hollering and crying and he ran and I ran to my parents bed and that's where I Said. I said, this little man. This little man. And they were saying, oh, you were just having a nightmare. So after that, I never thought no more about it until next year around the holidays. Like I said, between Thanksgiving and Christmas, sometimes I would be lucky and wouldn't see him for Thanksgiving. And he would come, like two days before Christmas or whatever. But then it had got to the point where I used to sleep with the covers over my head and tie really tight ball that when I started feeling like this was the time of the year, till I would be sweating so bad in the bed because I would be so paranoid. And then I would hear the bells ringling, chingling, running through the house. You know, kind of reminds you of like if you put bells on a cat or something. But he got slick when I would cover my head up. I knew when he was sniffing around my sister because I could hear him breathing, huffing and whatever. And he would come over to my bed and do the same thing. But he was slick. He would pull the covers off of my head, even though I would be holding it for dear life. He would just pull the covers out and then he would just smell all around. I could feel his breath on my face, and he'd be sniffing around my eyeballs and in my ears and my mouth. And I could feel his hot, stinky breath, breath on my face or whatever. But I just kept telling myself, don't open your eyes. Don't open your eyes. And he just kept doing that. After a while, eventually he would just stop. Because I could feel him finally get off of my bed. He was so sure he would have to crawl up on the bed to get to me. And he would get off of the bed and then finally go away. And I just stayed there like that all night and finally drift off. I had that little elf visitor four or five times in my life. I think what really, finally made him stop going away, because I had told myself, I guess I might have been about 12 or 13, I was getting pretty big to be afraid of seeing this thing. And I just told myself that, you know, if he comes, it's going to be a fight. I'm not going to hide anymore. I'm tired of it. But I still would cover my head up. But after I had that mindset that, you know it was going to be a match right then and there, I was going to put up with it. I never had the dreams anymore, or the visitation. I wouldn't say dreams. I'm 69 years old and I still can feel the hot breath and Just the idea of this thing sneaking in, pulling the covers off of me all in my face. But I just said, you know, we gonna do it the way they do it in the streets, you know, if he comes at me again. And he never did.
