---
title: "Bones Under House Shadow Hauntings"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-12-02
timestamp_start: 2689.7
timestamp_end: 2959.3
timestamp_display: "44:49 - 49:19"
caller: "Alma from Houston"
type: "haunting"
location: "Mexico"
source_lines: "77-77"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker D] Hello Derek, this is Alma. I'm actually from Houston, and the reason I'm bringing it up is because I heard Jude's story on the June 16 episode, which is Volume 3 Shadow People Files. It's not exactly related to Shadow People, but the fact that he talks about his family uncovering bones on the property reminds me Neo story that my mother told me a couple of years ago in Mexico. My father owns a home that my grandmother his mother lived in and the home is actually neighboring two of his brother's homes, so he has two brothers that have property in Mexico as well. Her house was next to one of my uncle's homes. And the reason I bring this up is because a couple of my cousins grew up in that house that neighbored My grandmother's house. And they always talked about having weird experiences in the house that my grandmother lived in. My grandmother would even talk about seeing or sensing some kind of weird shadow. I guess it is a shadow person. She's unfortunately passed away. So I can't really get a lot of information. But I do remember her bringing that up a couple of times. And then my cousins would tell me that they never liked going to my grandmother's house at night. Because the lighting wasn't very good. And it was just my grandmother, she only slept in the bedroom. They never really used any of the other rooms. Because she would just go to my uncle's home to eat and hang out with the family. But they would talk about how they always got a weird sensation. And a couple the time they thought they would see some kind of dark, shadowy thing in the corner of her bedroom. And my grandmother just kind of got used to it, actually. She really didn't think it was that weird. She just thought it was odd that my cousins refused to go to her home at night. And then about 10 years ago, they were expanding that home. And they had to escalate, excavate around it. And in, I think, either the new additional bedroom they were adding. Or this bathroom of that bedroom. Those contractors found bones because they were excavating for the new foundation, and they found bones there. They basically mentioned it, I think, to my uncle at some point, but no one really brought up. So they just. When they dug them up, they just bury them back again. And my mother found out a couple of years ago that that's what happened. And at this point, they don't really want to dig up the bones anymore. So they're just staying under the foundation of the house. So I'm wondering if it was related to that uneasy feeling. My cousins would get along with seeing things in that home. And then a couple of years ago, since my parents don't really use that property for anything, they had my uncle take care of it. And one of the things they do is they rent it out. Well, when they rented that house out, One of the tenants they had at one point was a single mom. And no one really knew a lot about her. They just knew she was not from my parents hometown, she was from another town. And she had moved there because apparently she was escaping an abusive relationship. And somebody murdered her in that house near the same vicinity of the area of where the bones were found. The weird part is people claim they didn't hear anything because she was killed in the middle of the day. So I always wondered if it was maybe just bad luck for a person who was killed or that property just had some negative energy attached to it because of the bones that were found. But I just thought it was strange that all those things happened in one property. I do know that my parents will eventually have the house excavated again within the next year because they're going to actually find those bones and give that person a proper burial, whoever that is. It's really sad to think about all the negative things that happened in that home, but I just wanted to share the story. Thanks for what you do. You have a good day and thank you for listening to my story.
