---
title: "Father Doppelganger on Toilet at 3AM"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-11-11
timestamp_start: 1095.7
timestamp_end: 1332.3
timestamp_display: "18:15 - 22:12"
caller: "Liz from California"
type: "doppelganger"
location: "California"
source_lines: "27-27"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] Hey Liz from California here. I got an interesting story. First of all, I Want to start out by saying our family, we tend to be more on the sensitive side. Specifically me, I happen to be able to hear things and sometimes see things if they allow me to be seen. Well, on this particular night as well as many other nights, I happen to tend to wake up at exactly 3:00am yeah, you're right, the witching hour. I don't know why, it just happens. On this particular night, I happened to get up and I had the sudden urge to walk down the hallway and check on my kids. I got up, walk down the hallway, but I'm still half asleep. When you walk down the hallway to the right, there's a bathroom. And then further down is my children's room. Well, the bathroom light was on and the door was slightly open. And when I walked past, I happened to see a quick glance, a person sitting facing down with their head down and shoulders dropped, hands on the side. It was my dad had a quick stop and said, why is my dad sitting there? Nonetheless using the bathroom, let the door open. I mean, who would do that? He wouldn't do that, especially him. So I quickly checked the kids, close the door, turn her on, look at him and go, hey, are you okay? In that instance, he still slumped over and he just shakes his head yes. Didn't look at me, didn't talk to me, shoulders still slumped over, hands are still on his side and his head tinging low. In that instance, I got an overwhelming feeling of fear in just a Go away, don't question it. That's exactly what I did. I said, okay, and I walked into my room, closed the door and just turned on the light because I don't like the door. I like to see what's in front of me. My lights are dimmed. Finally I fall asleep. Morning comes, I'm in the bathroom getting ready for the date, and I bumped into my mother. So I asked her, hey, how's dad doing? She looks at me and goes, he's fine. Why? And I say, well, I happened to check on the kids last night and he was here in the bathroom. And it's unusual what he was doing. So is he feeling sick? Quick fact, my dad's kind of on the sick side. So, you know, it was unusual pattern for him to do it if that was him. He says, yeah, turns around, goes into room, closed door behind her. A couple minutes pass, I'm like, okay, that's kind of weird. She comes out, she goes, yeah, he's fine. Completely okay. He's fine. He's good. I look at her and I said, okay. That response was weird. What's going on? And she just looks at me and says nothing. I said, no, no, no thumbs up. What's going on? Her response was, your dad was in bed the whole night. He didn't get up. I stopped and I think what was that? That was sitting there and respond because I clearly seen it as day. The person sitting slumped over but they never once looked at me. I don't question it because I don't want to know what it was. In all actuality I spoke to it. It responded back with a shake. I don't know. I kind of feel that if I ask what it is, I'll get a response I don't want. So I'm wondering if anybody else has had this happen to them. I would really like to know. Other than that, I hope you enjoyed my little creepy story.
