---
title: "La Llorona Crying Woman by River"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-12-02
timestamp_start: 1965.7
timestamp_end: 2262.9
timestamp_display: "32:45 - 37:42"
caller: "Phil"
type: "ghost"
location: "Mexico"
source_lines: "70-70"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] Hey Derek, this is Phil. So I had to have been like about nine or ten by this time. My parents were already divorced. My mom moved us out to a country house right on the outskirts of town. It wasn't so far away from town. I used to walk into town. The town was kind of expanding at that time, so they had some new houses built up back to the left hand side of our house. And if you go right, should take you out into the country. So one day my mom said she's going out with some friends, left me in charge of the kids. One of her friends came over, left her kids there with us. Mind you, I'm have to be better 9 or 10. Back then it wasn't too uncommon for the parents to leave their kids by themselves. You know, it wasn't the first time, but it was the first time in his new house. They take off, I have to say, about 7:30pm and it's me, my three brothers and two of our friends. So we're just, you know, sitting there watching Team Woo. My brother's playing the PS2 in the room and eventually about 9:30, everybody's pretty much asleep. Me and one of the other boys, that my mom's friend Hittinghama was awake and we were watching tv. That I recall was music videos, actually, back on mtv. And I just get this uneasy feeling in my stomach. You think you have to go to the bathroom, but you don't. And something kept drawing me to my window. Mind you, in this house, we had a big, maybe four foot by eight foot window. Nothing in the middle, just one big panel of glass. I looked out the window and from my house to the street, it's about a football field length trees in between the middle of fields, plum trees, actually. I remember seeing this white glowing fog. Not sure what it was at first. Kind of stuck on it, you know. And it's walking along with the row, mind you, behind my house, about another football field. Back behind us is a river. And I see this fog walking towards the river, kind of, you know what I mean? Catches my attention. I'm stuck on it. I wake up the boy that was next to me because he had fallen asleep. And he's looking, he says he doesn't see nothing. I look back, the white figure was gone, whatever it was. And I closed the window and I'm just like, what the heck was that? So he goes to the bathroom. As he goes to the bathroom, I look back out the window. There's this lady standing in front of the house, I must say, about 100ft from my house, just looking at the house. And I keep hearing this cry, like a whimper, like she's whining about something. And I close the window again and I'm just like, look back out. And this time she's walking back away, back towards the river. And I can still hear the crying. My friend comes back out and I'm like, look at this. And he looks, he goes, there's nothing there. I look back out behind him. There's nothing there. My mom came and I told her what it was, you know what I mean, what I saw and everything. And she kind of brushed it off. But I talked to my tia, my aunt. And she explained to me that what I saw was a lady called the Llorona, or the Crier, something like that. And the story is, I guess she was gonna get married to this guy. But in order for her to get married to this guy, she had to get rid of the children she had. I think it was two, if I'm not mistaken. And she took him to the edge of a cliff, sat him down, gave him ice cream, and I guess pushed him. She went back to go tell the guy what she had done, but she ended up coming back and the guy was with another girl. She ran to that same cliff and I guess jumped off and killed herself. And I guess it says that she's on the Rome looking for her kids. I don't know if it was her. Can't really explain what it was, But I do know I saw a lady, all white. The only thing that was really dark on her were like the outlines of her face. I. You could definitely see her face, but she had kind of like a veil on, but not covering her face, just like kind of draping down to the side. She's about the same size as my mom. I'm going to say five, eight, around that height. She was an adult woman. And that's what I saw. And that one right there really left like a eerie feeling in my body. Never went outside my house again in the night. Mind you, in the country, I mean, you hear a lot of stuff, coyotes and stuff, and as a kid, you get scared. But this right here was just something different. I had never seen something so defying, something so. So real, like, but yet white and misty. But that's what I saw. And yeah, that was my experience with that one. Thanks.
