---
title: "Man with No Face at Construction Site"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-06-24
timestamp_start: 1475.4
timestamp_end: 1766.7
timestamp_display: "24:35 - 29:26"
caller: "Ian from Marietta, Ohio"
type: "other"
location: "Marietta, Ohio"
source_lines: "25-27"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] Hey Derek, how you doing? My name's Ian. I'm calling from Perry County, Ohio. I wish I could tell you that I was calling about a Bigfoot story or that I saw Mothman, but this doesn't fit that category, it's definitely strange. The story doesn't take place in Perry County. It actually takes place in Marietta, Ohio. That's where I basically from. For you guys who don't know where Marietta, Ohio is, it's spread across the West Virginia border. It's right on the Ohio river, and it actually the first permanent settlement west of the Ohio river for all you history buffs. So I lived on a big S. Hill. A hill. And then there's a big s Turn that came down the hill, and then it came down to a main street and intersected with another Main Street. It was Washington street and 7th street intersecting in Marietta, Ohio. In that intersection, there was a lot of Victorian houses on Washington Street. However, these houses were kind of modern era because the farther you came from the river when they first started building, the earlier settlers and then just expanded out. And as the town spread, there was newer houses built. The house on the corner was built probably early 1900s, and it had a brick foundation. And I was coming down to a stop sign, turning left, looking over, I see that there's a group of construction men doing construction on the foundation. I think they're doing some kind of H Vac or maybe rewiring some electrical work, but not knowing what exactly they were doing. I was just kind of being nosy, looking over and seeing what was going on. You know, the regular guys talking. And what caught my eye was that one of the guys that was talking, like, I saw his forehead. And then when I looked at his face, his face was totally sunken in, as if a cannonball took off his face. You would think Kurt Chayton, like, you see a character gets hit in the face of the cannonball, the face sinks in. That's what it looked like. Okay. It wasn't gory or anything like that. It just looked dark and sunk in. I couldn't see any facial features. I couldn't see a nose. I didn't see eyes. I didn't see lips. However, I could tell that he was talking to the other guys. Now, as soon as I saw this, it totally weirded me out. And I was, you know, trying to do a double take. I was looking back, I was turning, I was looking around, trying to see, you know, what I really saw is my mind really comprehending what I saw. And I was so taken aback that there was a stop sign probably 50ft down the road. And I stopped and immediately turned around to see if I could catch another glimpse of this guy or this figure with a face that didn't have a face, I guess you should say. But I turned around and everybody was gone. They all went inside. The trucks were still there, so I'm sure they all went inside. I was seriously so taken aback by this that the next couple days I kept driving by there multiple times to see if I could maybe catch a glimpse of this figure. I know it's super weird.

[Speaker B] I don't know.

[Speaker C] I mean, I doubt it's a common thing. Have people ever seen other people, I mean, humanoid looking Creatures with no face. I don't know. I mean, if somebody has. I haven't heard about it. But another thing that really struck me about seeing this figure is I didn't see a face. I didn't see lips or anything. But he had a cigarette in his hand. So he was somehow smoking a cigarette and he had no face. That's one of the main things I remember that really stood out to me. I was like, how could this possibly be this guy smoking a cigarette, but he doesn't have a face? I was trying to make sense of this. Like, what could a possibly this be? Of course, the first one that stands out to me is, well, is it somebody that actually was in an accident and lost their face and somehow are living? Like, I've never seen a medical documentary or anything that showed someone that was injured so badly in the face, like, their facial features were gone and it was just sunken in. I've never seen something this extreme. Now I've seen, like, documentaries on World War I, soldiers of World War II that have taken shrapnel and had prosthetics for the middle of their face. And this was nothing like that. There are cases after wars of men getting their upper jaw blown off. They made prosthetics to pop in, and you really can't tell that anything is amiss. Or it could have been possibly like a glitch in the Matrix. If we're actually living in some simulated reality. I don't know if I believe that. But also, the third one, it could be like a bizarro world or parallel universe. Somebody, you know, they somehow jumped across and I was on a different plane and I was actually able to see that. But I don't know. Like I said, I saw what I saw. I was pretty freaked out by it. And if anybody else has seen something like this, like, to know. Yeah, that's it. And, Derek, love the show. Keep it up. Thanks. Bye.
