---
title: "Child Floats to Ceiling in Out of Body Experience"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-12-12
timestamp_start: 1095.4
timestamp_end: 1389.2
timestamp_display: "18:15 - 23:09"
caller: "Rachelle from Arizona"
type: "obe"
location: "Arizona"
source_lines: "17-17"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] Hi Derek, this is Rachelle in Arizona. When I was listening to the season 15 episode 4, actually the beyond portion for Patreon members, Caleb tells a story about out of body experiences when he was a child. And I couldn't believe it. I just had to call this story in because I completely can relate to his story. So this story I'm five or six years old and sleeping in my bed one night in my house and I woke up in the middle of the night. What woke me up was that I was tangled up in my sheets and my blanket and I was thrashing around in my bed trying to untangle myself from the sheets and the blanket. And I wasn't yelling out, I wasn't calling out for my mom yet, but I was just getting frustrated and awake and that I could not untangle myself. And so all of a sudden, the next thing I experience is that I'm no longer thrashing in the sheets. I'm up in the corner of my room, across the room, up in the corner, crunched up against the ceiling, and I'm looking down at my body, myself laying in the bed, thrashing around, trying to untangle from the sheets. So I'm up here floating. I remember that very specific feeling of floating in that corner, looking at myself on the bed and just watching and watching. I don't know how long I was floating there watching. And after a certain amount of time I recall that there is a being there with me. I knew there was someone there with me up in that corner. And I perceived this being just as like light or energy, whatever. And of course I was a spirit body. I probably didn't have any definition either. This being was communicating to me, you have to go back into your body. And and I did not want to. And being six years old and probably stubborn, I said no. And then they communicated to me again, you have to go back into your body. You have to go now. And I said, no, I don't want to. And the next thing I experience is that I'm right over my body, looking down at my head and my face. I've gotten my head and my face out of the blankets and my legs and my arms are starting to get untangled from the sheets and so I'm looking down at my head and thinking, how do I get back into my body? And I felt sort of a little bit scared. But I felt this being behind me and sort of my spirit body was pushing me from my shoulders into my physical body. I was fully aware at that time. So I could feel this sort of weird sensation of going from spirit body back into my physical body. And then that really creepy feeling. I mean, when I was six, I felt it was really creepy where you feel your fingers and your toes and your hands and your feet, they're so rubbery. And even my face, my skin, my tongue, my teeth, everything just felt so heavy and rubbery. It was just gave me the creeps. And at that point I was then fully back in my body and fully awake at that time. Then I was just really disappointed. I was scared and frustrated and I started calling for my mom and my mom came. Of course I did not tell her what had happened. I told her that I got tangled up in the sheets, but I didn't tell her exactly what had happened to me until I was about 55 years old. And I told her the story and it scared her, of course. But after that time, somehow I knew that I was not allowed to leave my body, have out of body experiences and leave my room. So after that time I would have my out of body experience. But I would only go to the either, you know, the ceiling of my room or I'd walk to the doorway, look out to the living room. But I never went further. I always knew that I was not allowed to leave my bedroom in an out of body experience. How did I know that? I really don't know. But I'd like to hear more people call in their stories of out of body experiences.
