---
title: "Possum-Faced Man During Childhood Fever"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-06-26
timestamp_start: 3738.3
timestamp_end: 4063.6
timestamp_display: "1:02:18 - 1:07:43"
caller: "Debbie from Florida"
type: "other"
location: "Massachusetts"
source_lines: "68-69"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker E] Hi Derek, My name is Debbie. This one is my story sort of peripherally with my dad. So I live in Florida now, but I grew up in Massachusetts and most of my stories are from there. I was about 5 years old or so and I had come down with the measles and I was running a pretty high fever. I was sitting in my parents room with my mom next to me. We were reading and I was pretty miserable with the measles and coming down the hallway was what I thought my dad it was man. Figured it was wearing my dad's pajamas and bathrobe but it had the face of a possum it came into the room, it sort of nudged my foot with its hand, sort of a toe pull or something like that, and then turned around and walked away. Now, again, I was running a high fever, which I did when I was quite young. And I'm 90% sure that this was a hallucination. But the other 10% of me thinks that maybe it wasn't. My mother did not react either way to either. It possibly just being my dad coming in and messing with my toe, which was very much in his personality, or if it was some other creature. But she never moved, never stopped reading her book. So, yeah, I think it was probably a hallucination. But what triggered the memory was I'm sort of listening to back episodes and you had people who had weird dreams or positing that maybe they were, you know, abductions with memories being placed. And I don't think by any stretch of imagination that this was that. I do think I was hallucinating, but there's that little tiny part of me that thinks maybe not. Anyways, just like everybody else, I've been listening for many years. Love what you do. I'm a patreon. Thanks so much. Have a good one.

[Speaker B] Thank you, Debbie. What do you think, folks? A fever dream or a real life possum? Man? Now, I was curious, so chances are you might have been as well. As to the size of the biggest possum on record, can they even grow to the size that Debbie thought she saw? And the answer is sort of. The January 17, 1924 edition of the Ofuski County News states Cliff Foster, a trapper living near Tyler, Texas, claims to have captured an opossum weighing 61 pounds and measuring 5ft 9 inches. Foster thinks the presence of the unusual opossum in the community may account for the mysterious disappearance of several lambs in the county. Now, that's a big old possum, as we would say back home. But I call BS on it. Attacking lambs. I don't care how big it gets. I just don't see that happening. Because contrary to popular belief, opossums are very useful and docile creatures. And they're a very important part of our ecosystem. They're not aggressive, they don't carry rabies, and they eat invasive pests like ticks and bacteria laden roadkill. And did you know that they're North America's only marsupial? Unless, of course, you include those elusive phantom kangaroos that are said to roam about the country. But all joking aside, Debbie, I hope it was a fever dream. You experienced. As much as I like possums, I don't like the idea of a dad sized possum roaming around out there yanking on toes. But a great call nonetheless and we thank you again Debbie for taking the time to share it. All right folks, it's time. Let's go beyond. And if you're thinking to yourself, I want to go beyond as well, well stop wishing and start doing. Just visit monsters among us podcast.com and click the Patreon tab. From there, join the five dollar level on either Apple subscriptions or Patreon and boom. You get access to the rest the of of this episode and days worth of back content stretching back nearly a decade. And don't forget that you can get the main content completely ad free for only a dollar a month and you can try either of those levels for free for a full seven days using their free trial. So you literally have nothing to lose. Besides, don't you want to hear how Joe's call from Open Oklahoma ends?
