---
title: "Protective Spirit Helps Destroy Drugs and Control TV"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-12-12
timestamp_start: 3531.0
timestamp_end: 3836.4
timestamp_display: "58:50 - 1:03:56"
caller: "Christine from Arizona"
type: "ghost"
location: "Phoenix, Arizona"
source_lines: "60-60"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hi Derek, this is Christine from Arizona. So 17 years ago, I lived in Phoenix, Arizona. I rented a modest home with a friend and there was spirit. I never saw anything, but I could feel it. And at that time I was about 19 years old and I had been through other situations where I knew that the prickly feelings on the back of my neck weren't just nerves. Something was there present with me. I never felt in danger. It felt weird knowing that it was there. But it was like we had made peace with each other. I felt like I was respectful of the space. And that's why that being or entity was okay with me being there. So I had dated a gentleman, and we were having dinner and a movie, movie at the house. And I had fallen asleep on the couch. In fact, I had taken a Benadryl and it completely knocked me out. Well, in the middle of the night, this guy was trying to wake me up. He had went to the bedroom to go to bed. And this guy was like 6 foot, ex, Navy, big, strong, tough guy. And he was trying really hard to wake me up. And I was so groggy because the Benadryl. And he said, you need to come to bed. And I'm like, what's going on? He says, there's something in your room, and I don't feel comfortable there. And I had known that something, you know, had been there for a while. And so I thought, oh, that's weird that he could feel it, but it doesn't sit well with him. So anyway, that guy and I broke up. And a couple of months later, I started dating the man that I would end up marrying. My husband. And we would get ready to go to bed, and he liked to have the TV on during the nighttime, and I didn't like doing that. And I had asked him time and time again, hey, I can't sleep with the TV on. And he had pain, and so he was like, no, I'm gonna. With the TV on. You'll be fine. Go to sleep. Well, my routine prior to him was to turn on the radio, but only turn it on as low as I could hear the music. And it'd be completely dark and peaceful, except for that small sound of the radio. Well, I'd argued with him for about 15 minutes. Pretty soon, TV went off, radio went on to the lowest setting possible, and we were in the dark. And Brian, my future husband, goes, well, I guess we're going to sleep with her radio on. The ghost was sticking up for me, obviously, and I thought that was pretty cool. One more thing that had happened while in that house, that was a pretty pivotal time in my life. I was really trying to figure out who I was. And I was dabbling in some really hardcore drug use. And in between those two scenarios that I just mentioned, I had had some drugs stashed in the house. And originally I had stashed them in my bedroom. And for one reason or another, I didn't feel comfortable keeping them there. So I had moved them. I believe I had moved them to the kitchen somewhere where it was kind of close to the garage, but not near where I was sleeping. One day I went to go to bed, and I could not go to sleep. And something was bothering me so deeply. And every time I close my eyes, I imagine these drugs. And I finally said, okay, I've got to do something about this. And I got up. It was middle of the night, and the darkness and the fear that was gripping me was very intense. And I went to where I had stashed these drugs and I destroyed them and I got rid of them. And I really felt like it was that spirit urging me to do the right thing. And what was really peculiar about it, in all these instances, I never felt like I was in harm's way, even though some of the things that happened were weird and a little freaky. But I always felt safe. So, anyway, I just thought I would share that. I've been thinking about that for a while. I just really appreciate you and what you do. Thanks.
