---
title: "Dead Friend Appears on Anniversary of Death"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-06-17
timestamp_start: 3340.7
timestamp_end: 3915.4
timestamp_display: "55:40 - 1:05:15"
caller: "Katie from Connecticut"
type: "ghost"
location: "New Canaan, Connecticut"
source_lines: "48-48"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hi there, this is Katie, and I'm calling from New Canaan, Connecticut. On February 29th of 2024, an email went out to our neighborhood saying that there had been a robbery on a street close by. The burglars had come in through the second story and had disabled the Alarm, et cetera, et cetera. The email was just to say, be careful. This has happened. So that came through my consciousness on the afternoon of February 29th. That evening I had been experiencing some back pain, and I thought maybe it was because of my mattress. My son is in college and so his room is free, and I thought, oh, I'll just sleep in there, you know, to see if a different mattress would make the pain go away. So I was not in my usual bed. I fell asleep normally, and at some point in the early morning, I woke myself up, as I occasionally do. I'll say this happens about every, you know, three or four months. I woke myself up with a recurring nightmare. The plot's always the same. The antagonist is always the same. Those details don't really matter. But I do always wake myself up from these dreams in an attempt to scream. I will be screaming, but my lips are closed, so there is sound that comes out, but it's not a full scream. The feeling of it is similar to, like a sleep paralysis kind of thing. It's happened so many times now that I'm fully aware of what it is when it's happening. And so I'm having this experience and I'm waking myself up with the scream, and I look to the left of my son's bed and there is a person standing there. I don't see the face. I just see, like, what you would see at bed level. I can see the torso and the beginnings of the legs. And I immediately think, oh, it's my husband who has heard this scream. He's also familiar with it. Helps me every time it happens, it will wake him up too. And I thought, oh, he's heard it from his room and he's come in to help me. And then I realized what I'm looking at is definitely not my husband. And your mind works so fast in situations like that. I immediately thought of the robbery, which I hadn't given any more thought to. And then I quickly thought, well, that doesn't make sense. Like, why the robber would come around to this side of the bed. And none of it makes any sense. And I reach my arm out into the space because the presence is so real, I can see it so clearly. And of course there's no one there. My hand just touches empty air. At that point, I just went back to sleep. I wasn't scared at all. I just thought, wasn't it that interesting? And I went back to sleep. This is on Thursday night, early Friday morning, in the middle of the night on Saturday, just Following that, the very next Saturday, I had a retreat with some girlfriends of mine. And we did these fairly often. And we focus in that we have a leader and we focus in this retreats on generating positive energy and love and heart centered presence and emotions. And it's a really lovely group of people. It almost feels like a religious experience. And after the intro that the guide, you know, leads us on, then we have a period of silence where we just drop in and concentrate on our breathing and see what happens. I hadn't given this dream any thought. I hadn't given the robbery any thought. I certainly had not given what, what I perceive to be a being standing beside my bed any thought since it happened on Thursday night, Saturday. As I'm lying in this silent retreat and trying to think of things and people that make me feel good, I had a series of thoughts that led really randomly but very definitively to the realization this is out of nowhere, that the being in my room on Thursday night, two nights prior was someone that I had known in high school. Now I'm 51 years old, so this is 30 years ago that I would have seen this person. And by the way, I didn't know him very well at all. He was a little bit older, had an apartment, was in college in our town. And we used to hang out in his apartment and party with him. And I thought he was very cute. I had a crush on him. I remember at one point he kissed me in the hallway. There was definitely a chemistry and a spark there between the two of us, but I didn't give it any thought past like 1991. I didn't see him, I didn't think about it. So to have this awareness that this being in my room was this person was completely out of nowhere. I was pretty stunned by it. This person, his name was Hugh. He had also had a tragic and very mysterious death in his early adulthood. So there was definitely the understanding and awareness that it was his ghost in my room. So we went on with the retreat and it was all great and I was still processing. And when I came home and discussed it with my husband the next day, I was saying to him, this is so weird. Like I just am 100% sure that's who was in my room when I was having this nightmare. And I said to my husband, I'm going to look him up, I'm going to see if I can find a photograph online. You know, it was 1991 the last time I saw him. And I could not find a photograph to remind me of what he really had looked like. But I did find his obituary and I was absolutely stunned that he had died on March 1. I don't know the year, it was probably the late 90s, and he was definitely in my room on March 1, 2024, in the early, early hours of the day. He was a professional scuba diver and had died exploring an unknown new cave system in the Bahamas. Like super deep in the water. So he was basically lost at sea is what they would say about a death like that. I was sad when I had heard it happen, but I did think, wow, like, what a crazy way to go, first of all, and what a brave person to be doing that in the first place. But when the matchup came with the date that I saw him in my room and his passing, I could not believe it. Now, a skeptic would say that's a 1 in 365 chance. Of course, this is a leap year, so it's 1 in 366. But when you factor in the fact that this person had not crossed my mind in 30 years, and you think about all the people that come and go in your life in 30 year span, to be that sure that that's who it was is really weird. And I love, love, love the podcast and listening to everyone's experience, because when this happens to you, there's not a shred of doubt about what it is that you're experiencing. Experiencing that it's real. The question is, why is it happening and what is the point? What is the purpose of it? Why would he be standing there? As these past months have come and gone and I've thought about it every single day and wondered. I can only say that there had been a connection between us when we were young. I'm impressed with anybody that's willing to do that type of thing, that take that kind of risk and really pursue their passion. And of course it's always sad when tragedy strikes like that, but I really am inspired by people like that. I'm also very passionate about the deep ocean. And so the purpose of his life is meaningful to me. And the fact that he would have appeared to me during this nightmare, just be standing right there beside me, makes me really know in my heart that he's a protecting energy and a benevolent force to be there with me. And I just wanted to share this story because it has been so meaningful to me as I've processed it. Even though it's a person that's kind of random in a 51 year life to have just pop up like that and, and you just never know, do you? And I love your encouragement that we all stay open to these things because that is when they start happening more and more often and certainly with, you know, more convincingly. So thank you very much for listening.
