---
title: "Little Boy Moaning in Hotel Bathroom"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-11-11
timestamp_start: 3200.8
timestamp_end: 3506.9
timestamp_display: "53:20 - 58:26"
caller: "Sean from Scotland"
type: "ghost"
location: "Ibiza"
source_lines: "50-52"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker F] Hi Derek. I love the show. My name's Sean and I'm from Scotland. A little town called Thurso, north of Scotland. Used to stay in Glasgow but couldn't handle the city. My experience happened when I was 10 or 11, I'm now 29. This was abroad in Ibiza. I went with my auntie and my gran. My other family members that were supposed to go couldn't go. Mum and dad, etc. So we were there for seven days and from the moment we got off the plane to the last day, it was absolutely pouring rain every single day. Apart from the very last day where the sun was split in the skies. But we couldn't do very much because of just waiting on the buses, getting our things all packed and the time you have to check out the room, etc. So it was pretty much a day at the hotel soaking up as much sun as what we could. So when it was getting towards kind of end of the time there, we came in, sat in the lobby for some lunch and drinks and I told my aunt and my gran that I was going to the toilet. So I went to the toilet. And as you walk in you've got the sinks and the mirrors on the, as you walk in, they're on the right hand side. The urinals are at the very back wall and the cubicles figure 4, but I'm pretty sure it was 3 were on the left hand side. And all the doors were opened ever so slightly, so I just assumed that they're all empty. So I looked in and just to make sure there was nobody in, so I went to the back one, opened the door, closed it and locked it. Total silence in the toilet. So just before I'm about to start what I assume was a little boy's moan, because that's what that was, that's what I heard, there was a moan and it sounded like a little boy. And I see that just because obviously I'm in the boys toilets.

[Speaker A] And what.

[Speaker F] It sounded like to me was, and I knew it was in the toilet because it echoed. As soon as I heard that, I froze on the spot, couldn't move. Absolute fear. I had this feeling run through me that something then here with me, that's not meant to be because like I said, I checked the cubicles as I went and I just so happened to go to the, the very last one and again the doors were open, so I just assumed they were empty, you know, and I looked through from the gap the door was creating. They were empty. And it must have been what I thought was maybe 10 minutes. I was absolutely frozen on the spot. I could not move for fear of whatever was in with me knowing I was there, must have knew I was there if it made the noise. You know, again, I'm only 10 or 11 at this point. So I actually physically had to wait for somebody coming through the door for their. For when they came in to do the toilet. And you know, people, you hear them, you make humming noises, whistling, whatever. And I waited till I knew it was actually somebody there moving about. So I opened the door and I looks and there was somebody there. I was that scared. I never even washed my hands. I opened the door and I just went to my aunt, sat down where my auntie and my grand were, and my aunt turned around, she says, you're as white as a ghost. She says, are you okay? And I told her, no, no, really. You know, something made a noise in the toilet and I'm 100% certain there was nobody else in there. She says, yeah, you don't look too good. I says, well, I don't really feel good. I was as white, pardon the pun, as a ghost. And anytime that I needed the toilet for the, you know, the amount of time I had left in the hotel before we got transfer to the airport, anytime I needed a toilet, I actually made sure that I was watching the door for people going into the toilet. As soon as I seen somebody going into the toilet, I pretty much raced to the door, done what I had to do, washed my hands, and back out again as quick as I could. I did think of the possibility that the doors were ever opened ever so slightly and maybe somebody had put the toilet seat down and stood on the toilet and hid herself far back where nobody could see them. You know, if it was a little kid and you know, they waited for somebody to come in and it just so happened to be me, me, you know, and they made the noise to scare me, I don't know, but I never seen him. They coming out after me because like I said, I was watching the door like a hawk because I was at this point desperate for the toilet. But I couldn't face going there until I knew there was actually somebody, you know, in the toilet. So, yeah, that was my experience. I love the show. Please keep up the good work in Monsters Among Us as one of my favorite podcasts. Thank you. Bye.
