---
title: "Shadow Figure Talks and Climbs House"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-06-17
timestamp_start: 1011.0
timestamp_end: 1373.7
timestamp_display: "16:51 - 22:53"
caller: "Jacob from Gresham, Oregon"
type: "shadow_person"
location: "Gresham, Oregon"
source_lines: "26-27"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker A] Hello Derek, this is Jacob and I'm calling from Gresham, Oregon. So I've been listening to your podcast for a little while. I've heard people talking about shadow people. I'm guessing that's what I seen, but I'm not too sure. Anyways, this was probably 20 years. 02 04. Had to be 4 and I woke one night from sleeping on the couch. I just would pass out in random locations. In my house I was in a family room which was a ranch style house, two car garage but one of the garages was converted into a family room slash bar area. Remember waking up in the corner, I've seen a shadow. The ceilings, I don't know, probably were about 7 to 8ft tall. The shadow pretty much almost reached the ceiling. Nothing weird happened. I just remember waking up and looking at the wall and seeing its shadow. Like I couldn't see a face or anything. It was just a figure, maybe a man. The only reason why I say that is because he would try to talk to me one of the nights. So I used to sleep in my parents bedroom in a crib. There's a three bedroom house. My sister was in one room, my two brothers were in the other room and then I was with my parents in their room. So they used to try to talk to me but I can't remember what it was trying to say to me. All I remember feeling was really uncomfortable, just uneasy. When it would try to talk to me I would hide under the blanket and I would tell it to go away. I don't want to talk to you. Can't remember how many times it happened but there was three or four times. I can remember waking up in my parents bedroom and it trying to talk to me. It was like one of those voices, like really deep low octave, just really deep. There's another current. I think this is the last time I seen was during the snowstorm because 04 there was the really big snowstorm here. So the house was in a corner lot just in a regular neighborhood with other houses and duplexes and whatnot. But the backyard was like an L shape so there is a sliding door from the bar area, family room area and deck. And then to the right is a little tiny wood shed not that big. After the deck there was a patch of grass that extended to the far back fence. Before it would touch the street. I was back there playing in the snow. I love the snow. I don't know why. I always have. So I remember seeing it. It was on the fence and the fence was pretty tall fence, six foot, seven foot tall fence. I've seen a shadow figure. That's all I can remember. Just as a shadow figure, it was on the back. Then I tried to go back inside, but for some reason the door was locked. I couldn't get it open. Started to freak out. As I'm trying to get inside. I start banging on the door when nobody was coming. And as I'm freaking out, it starts to move towards me and slowly goes from the fence to the house. Starts going up on the house on the far side. And I'm on the complete opposite end. Slowly starts to move up on the house. Still freaking out. Gets closer, gets closer. Probably gets to about five feet away from me. And as it sat close, a sliding door open. Boom. Ransack. So I closed it and locked it and just ran away. That was the last time I think that I seen it. I remember telling my mom about it and she would tell me if it tried to talk to me, to pray to God, tell him to remove it. Tell him I don't like it. So that's what I did. After that, I didn't experience anything weird like that again. Anyways, thanks for listening to my story and good luck with the show.

[Speaker D] We appreciate the call. Jacob and I wondered how long it would take for that detail to come up. One of these shadow entities trying to speak to us. For the longest time, I'd never heard of anyone mention that detail in their account. But once I pointed it out, it seemed to have opened the floodgates. But as interesting as it was that this shadow entity tried to communicate with Jacob, that detail pales in comparison to the mental image of one of these things climbing on the side of your house. Boy, I'd like to see the doorbell camera footage of that one. Either way, it was an incredible account. We thank you, Jacob, for calling in.
