---
title: "Priest Ghost Saves Baby from Choking"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-06-26
timestamp_start: 142.3
timestamp_end: 462.0
timestamp_display: "2:22 - 7:42"
caller: "Randy from Southern Alberta"
type: "ghost"
location: "Southern Alberta, Canada"
source_lines: "4-6"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Good evening and welcome to Monsters Among Us. I am your guide, Derek Hayes. Hello everyone. Nice of you to stop by. Now, as I just mentioned, my name is Derek Hayes and I'm the creator of this program as well as the curator of stories, scary stories, true stories, and each and every Tuesday and Thursday, I share them here with you. Stories about UFOs, alien abduction, ghosts, ghouls, goblins, and even Bigfoot, Dogman, Mothman and monsters of all shapes and sizes. And of course, ghost stories. All sorts of ghost stories. And it's with a ghost story we begin here tonight. But this isn't your typical haunting. Please welcome Randy from up in Canada.

[Speaker C] Hi, my name is Randy. I live in Southern Alberta in Canada. This takes place about 26, 27 years ago now. My whole family's always been very sensitive to the supernatural, to ghosts. My mother used to do readings and could always sense energy. I always could to a Point, not as talented as my mother was. This one is pretty specific to my family. Probably about 27 years ago, my ex and I were in bed. It was one of those really hot nights, mid September, it was a clear night, really warm. We just brought our daughter home from the hospital. She was premature birth. So I was laying in bed and I was tired, but I was kind of in and out of sleep all night. And I woke up and I was pretty sure I thought I was seeing things because I looked up at the end of my bed, there's a man standing there, and he was dressed in an old, probably early 1900s, late 1800s priests uniform. And I looked up and I saw him there. And I was pretty sure I was dreaming. And I said something along the lines of, he's got a lot of guts. Standing at the end of my bed. At which point my ex wife woke up, looked over, and she kind of went, who is that? When she said that, I realized she saw him too. And I realized I wasn't dreaming. So I kind of shut up in bed. And we're both looking at this guy and he's looking at us and he's smiling, and you see him smiling, kind of turn, and he has walked through the wall outside. Now, out of our backyard, you can see the local cemetery. Now, the cemetery has been in that small town for well over 100 years. We did find out later that the house we were living in was an old seminary where they used to train priests. And the owner said that there was energy in the house. Now, the reason I'm telling you this, because probably about a week or so after. Now, again, my daughter was born premature, so she was about three months early. She was in neonatal intensive care for about a month before we brought her home. Now, there was one afternoon where again, it was so hot, we had all the windows closed. We didn't have air conditioning, but we had a couple fans going. I'd been up all night with the baby, so she was napping, and I was in my living room and I'd fallen asleep. And the next thing I knew, I heard this slamming door. Now, this door slamming couldn't have been from a fan or couldn't have been from anything because it was just like somebody put their whole back behind it. He just slammed it. And the slamming was so loud, I could actually feel the vibrations in through the house. I woke me up and I jumped and I ran over and I ran into. And the door to my daughter's room was cracked a little bit. So when I opened the door, I went in and what had happened was my daughter. I put her asleep on her side, but she'd rolled onto her back and she spit up a little bit and she'd been choking. And if that door hadn't slammed, I would have lost my daughter. So we were pretty sure that the old priest that was haunting the place was looking out for us. So that's my story. Thank you for giving us this platform and I'll definitely be calling back again with a few more stories. Take care and have a wonderful day.

[Speaker B] Thank you. Randy what do you think here, folks? Was this the spirit of a former priest there at the seminary? And did said ghost save Randy's daughter's life? It's certainly quite a coincidence if not. And what an amazing way to begin tonight's program. Ghost or not, I'm glad something slammed that door. Thank you again, Randy, for sharing that entry. Now, folks, I have a whole bunch of creepy calls to get through tonight, but before I can do all that, I must do this. I'll be right back after these messages.
