---
title: "Ghost Boy Giggling in Assisted Living Facility"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-12-12
timestamp_start: 212.6
timestamp_end: 447.6
timestamp_display: "3:32 - 7:27"
caller: "Cyndal from Arizona"
type: "haunting"
location: "Mesa, Arizona"
source_lines: "9-9"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hi Derek, this is Cyndal from Arizona. Again, I'm giving you a call to tell you about the paranormal activity that has happened in the assisted living facility I used to work at. So this is in downtown Mesa, kind of where Mesa used to begin in Arizona and before it was an Assisted living facility. It was low income housing and basically it went out of business and assisted living company bought it. But a lot of crazy stuff happened there. And obviously assisted living facilities, a lot of people died. And so there'd always be so many paranormal activities that happened. Ghost sighting orbs on these security cameras. People would see a lady dressed in a white gown turn around a corner and when you turn to see which resident it was, there'd be nobody there. I've heard doors open and close. I've had my security screens just go, you know, off static and then just completely go black on me. I used to work through the reception desk. So I would be there from 4pm to midnight and we'd have alert bells going off like crazy. But the one that kind of got me was I had a resident come down around 11, 11:30, and at this time all the doors are locked to the building. Nobody's there except for the workers and myself. And she comes down and she goes, there's a little boy in my closet. You know, she's got dementia. So I'm thinking she's not seeing anything. But to make her feel better, I go up there to check. She was super freaked out and she's never had a issue where she's seen things or said she's seen things or anything like that. So I go up there and I go into her room. I'm looking around, we turn on all the lights. I'm like, I don't see anything. Huh. Like, I look in her closet. They're not very big closets, but I move all the clothes boxes, anything like that. Like, I don't see anybody in here. And it's not like they have like a space, you know, for an attic in the closet. Like some houses do nothing like that. So I turn off the lights, I help her into bed, and she's like, can you leave the bathroom light on for me? Because I'm scared. I'm like, absolutely. If you need anything, hit the buzzer and we'll come help. She says, okay. I turn on the bathroom light and I shut the door, you know, to her bedroom. And all of a sudden I hear a giggle, a little boy giggle. I open the door and I was like, are you laughing? She says, no, that was the little boy. He's back in the closet. I turn on all the lights again, don't see anything. And I'm like, do you want to come sit downstairs for a little bit and watch TV in the lounge? She says, no, I'm just going to try to sleep he just, he wants to play. And I'm like, okay. I shut the door again and again I hear the giggle like a little kid playing hide and seek. That, like, you walk into the room and they think you don't see them and they just start doing that giggle. And I hear it again and just. I had to leave the room. I was completely blown away. And one of the workers there that worked since the building had opened as an assisted living facility, I asked him about it. He goes, you know where our pond is, right? We have pretty cool looking little koi pond. And I said, yes, that used to be a pool. They cemented it up, covered it. A little boy had drowned there. And I'm like, you're making this up. There's no way that happened. There's no way. And he goes, why else would we have a little boy ghost? But I did some research on it and it actually turns out that a little boy had drowned in that pool. And that's why they cemented it up and made it into a koi pond. And that's why there's now little boy ghost that likes to play hide and seek in the resident's room. Love the podcast. Amazing. Keep up the great work.
