---
title: "Shadow Creature Chases Kids Through Cornfield"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-12-02
timestamp_start: 3423.6
timestamp_end: 4143.0
timestamp_display: "57:03 - 1:09:03"
caller: "Joe from Texas"
type: "shadow_person"
location: "La Jarita, Mexico"
source_lines: "83-83"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] So my name is Joe and I am from Texas and in the summertime I used to go to my grandma's house in a small village about an hour south of the border of Mexico. The town was the big city, but if you traveled like maybe 15, 20 minutes outside of that bigger city, there's a small village named La Jarita close to when I started going over there in the summer, I would hear these stories about this shadow man that would show up at night because his village is out there surrounded by cornfield, so they didn't even have indoor bathrooms back then. And it was the one time that when my mom's neighbor had to go to the restroom at an alcohol behind her house, she screamed really loud. Everybody came running and she said she saw a shadow person staring at her while she was using the outhouse out there, all the neighbors gathered up, went to the cornfield, searched around, they couldn't find anybody. Then my cousins, once again time, were asleep in their room. It felt like somebody was staring at them through the windows because they didn't have any AC units either. So they would sleep with the windows open. And my boss cousin screamed really loud. My uncle woke up, my aunt woke up, and they said that there was a shadow person staring through the window. So my uncle ended up putting bars on the windows. And they actually bought an AC unit because they didn't want to sleep with the windows open anymore. And so this shadow person would appear on one side of the town, the other side of town, because all the whole town was surrounded by cornfield. And in the town, there was a old lady that was the witch of the village. And she would pay us to bring her owl legs for her witchcraft. And so whenever we would find an owl, we would kill it by throwing either rocks or the slingshot. And they would die, and they were huge. And we would cut the legs off and we would send them to her, and she would use it for her witchcraft. And so one day, a bunch of friends of mine from the ages between 8, all the way up to 16, 17, we were playing a game of touch. In Spanish, it's called conjelao. And across the street from where we were playing touch at, there was an abandoned ranch. We stare across the cornfield to that abandoned barn over there, and there's like at least three or four huge white owls flying around in circles. And we all point at him. Oh, look, there's some owls flying around over there. Let's go kill them and take the legs off to sell them to the witch of the village. So we stopped playing touch. We started walking through the cornfield that night. It's pretty dark, but the moon is a full moon that day, so it's pretty bright. As we're walking towards the barn, we get pretty close to it. We're talking over there. We're walking, like in a group, but we're kind of like marching, like side by side. At least seven of us. As we get close to the barn, we start feeling a bunch of rocks falling from the sky. But they're not stone rocks, they're rocks of dirt, like mud rocks. So they started hitting us on the back and on the head. And they're breaking apart as they're falling down, a lot of them like it was raining rocks. And so we start like, what the heck? Who's throwing rocks at us, thinking there's somebody throwing rocks from the abandoned barn towards where we're at. So we start grabbing rocks, start throwing them back at this barn where these owls are flying over. And so we throwing rocks. We're throwing rocks. We're throwing rocks. We're throwing me. I'm at the very right side of this group. Like, we're in a line side by side. I'm on the very far right. The corn is pretty tall, at least over our head for sure. And in the corner of my eye to the right side, I see, like, a black figure. Looks like the shape of a person, but squatting down on the corner very clearly. I see it. I can only see their eyes kind of bright white. And I'm looking at it, and I'm throwing rocks towards the barn. But I'm also kind of, like, looking at this thing on the corner of my eye. And I stop throwing rocks, and I look at it, and I start staring at it. And I'm like, who's that? I told my friends in Spanish, you know, I say, hey, guys, stop throwing rocks. Who's this person squatting down right next to us? And everybody stops throwing rocks. And when we stop throwing rocks and focus on this person or what we think is the person, the rocks stop falling. Like, nobody's throwing rocks at us anymore. We're looking at it, but we can't see, like, any shape. It looks like a human, but there's no nose. No, it's like a shadow. But we can definitely see the eyes. And me and my friends are like, hey, who are you? And we're talking at it, all of us. There's like, seven of us. One of my friends that's like, the tough guy of the group had a baseball bat, and he comes pretty close to her, and he says, if you don't tell me who you are, I'm gonna hit you with my bat. And when he says that, that person thing pops up in the air. Like, jumps up and stands up and is pretty tall. My friend throws the bat at it and runs in the opposite direction. And we all just run. But I was so scared that I couldn't run fast. I remember trying to run, but I couldn't. I'm running really slow. And we start running towards the village. And I look back to see it, and it's running behind me, but in such a weird way. It's such a creepy way. It's kind of like skipping with its arms, running up and down. Very weird. I got even more scared watching it Run behind me. That creepy that I almost froze. But my friend grabbed me and pulled me. I was like, come on, let's go, let's go. Get to the edge of the cornfield. And the first house out of the cornfield into the village is my uncle's house. And by the time I get there, they already had knocked on my uncle's door. And they said, hey, that shadow thing is in the cornfield chasing us. My uncle. Whistle screams. The whole village, nobody even asked any questions. Everybody brought the shotguns out, their guns, everything. The whole village gathered up with a flashlight. And they're like, let's go for it. And us, the kids, we stayed there. The adults went in the cornfield to the back of the village. There was also at the small forest. They went to the forest with cars, trucks, guns, searched for the thing all night, couldn't find it. But they didn't even ask us any questions because they already knew what it was. And so me and my friends were like, oh, my God, that was crazy. What was that? And so nothing happened for a while. And then one day, we end up going to a quinceanera, which is like a sweet 16, but for 15 years old in Mexico. And so I go with my uncle, my aunt and my cousin. It ends up finishing, like around 12 o' clock at midnight. They come back at midnight, back to the village, to my uncle's home where I'm staying at for the summer. And my uncle and my aunt have this weird thing. I don't know, they're the only ones that do this. But when my uncle go uses the restroom at the outhouse, which is behind the house, my aunt would always accompany him, take toilet paper and the flashlight that she would wait outside while he used the restroom. And so we get back from the quinceanera, they put the kids to bed and everything in the room. On the other room, the AT had broke down, so the kids were gonna all sleep in one room with my uncle. And I'm in there while they're laying down, going to sleep, and my aunt, my uncle go to the restroom. And all of a sudden my aunt comes running in by herself, really scared, goes inside the room where I'm at and the kids are asleep. And she just doesn't even say anything. She'll go straight to the closet. And I'm like, what is she doing? She's going through the closet looking for something. All of a sudden she turns around with a handgun and some bullets. Handgun on one side, bullets on the other side of it. And she looks at me and she says, here, go help your uncle. He's chasing that thing again. And I was so scared that I said one of the most weakest things I could say. I said, no, I'll stay here with the kids. You go with my uncle. And she said, heck no. I'm not saying you're the kid, you're the man. You go help your uncle find that thing. So I'm like, damn. So I get the gun and I get the bullets. I have the bullets on my right hand and the gun on my left, and I start walking to the back. She locks the door, make sure nobody comes in. And I'm out there looking for my uncle in the cornfield, trying to help him find this creature. And I keep whispering in Spanish and I say, uncle, where are you? It's me, uncle, where are you? I didn't even put the bullets in the gun. The gun had no bullets because that's how scared I was. I kept the bullets in my right hand and I keep on whispering, uncle, where are you? Where are you? And I, I hear him say, hey, don't shoot me. I'm walking up towards you. And he does. I see him and I'm like, oh, I feel so relieved. I said, here, I give him the bullets, I give him the gun. He said, you need to put the bullets inside the gun. I'm like, I'm shaking. I'm so scared. I don't know what to do. And so he ends up waking up the neighbors again. They all grabbed their rifles and their flashlights and we again started looking for it through the woods, through the cornfield. We could not find it. We never found out what that thing was. We never found it. And that's the last time I remember hearing about that shadow person, that creature in the cornfield. But it didn't happen once. It happened multiple times, and it happened to different people. And that is my story. I hope you guys enjoy it.
