---
title: "Shared Shadow Woman Sighting with Boyfriend"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-06-26
timestamp_start: 2586.3
timestamp_end: 2931.5
timestamp_display: "43:06 - 48:51"
caller: "Santana from Oakdale, Louisiana"
type: "shadow_person"
location: "Oakdale, Louisiana"
source_lines: "54-55"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker E] Hi, my name is Santana, and the story I'm about to tell you took place in the very small town of Oakdale, Louisiana. I believe the year was 2015, maybe 2016. So the guy I was dating at the time, we were both in the house that he lived in, and it was an irregular night. We were both sleeping. Not really sure what time it was at night, but I woke up with this weird feeling that someone was watching me. And I just remember looking up at the corner of the bed. And I mean, it was dark in the room, but there was enough light coming through the window that I could still see. Basically, I just remember seeing this dark figure of a woman with long hair. I couldn't make out of space. I could just kind of see her standing there, like, looking at me. And I say, looking at me. Like, I couldn't see her eyes. It was all like a very dark, I don't want to say shadowy Figure, but definitely a woman. And I didn't scream or anything. I immediately turn over, turn the lamp on right beside my bed, and I shake my boyfriend and wake him up. And basically I explained to him in detail what I saw. And he gives me this kind of scared, worried look, I guess you could say. And of course, I just kind of figured that the next words out of his mouth would be, he was just going to call me crazy or not, believe me. But his eyes were getting bigger and bigger as I continued to talk. And he eventually just shut me off right then and there and was like, are you sure that's what you saw? And I was like, well, yeah. And I'm frightened. He looks frightened at this point, and he just stops right there. And he doesn't really say anything. He's looking at me, and I'm like, what? Like, why are you looking at me like that? And he looks at me and he says, that woman that you just saw, that you just explained to me, I've been seeing her since I was a little boy. And I mean, the hair stands up on my back. I get the chills, I stand up, I get out of bed. I mean, I'm, like, freaked out at this point. I was frightened at this point because I didn't know what to think. I mean, obviously I knew that I wasn't crazy because clearly he had seen it as well. But it was just this overwhelming feeling that this person, this figure, this demon that he had been seeing since he was little was now a part of me. In other words, he was more fascinated at the fact that we were now bonded in some way, or he felt like we were so close that I was seeing his demons. And, I mean, I was just kind of taken aback by it. I didn't really know what was going on at that point. Looking back on that now, of course, I realized how crazy that was for. I don't want to say he was crazy for saying that, but at the same time, it's kind of like, why did I not run right there? Because it was very different from anything I've ever witnessed. And I was so close. And so when I thought to have been in love, I guess I just looked at it like it was a good thing almost. And I guess my main reason for sharing this was just kind of to hear your opinion on it or see if you've ever witnessed two people sharing that same type of phenomenon or paranormal activity or seeing the same ghost like that, or same, whatever it is. So, yeah, I guess that's it. I love your show, and I hope that maybe you have some answers for me. If not, that's cool too. But keep it up and I will continue to listen. Thanks so much.

[Speaker B] Thank you, Santana. I'm not sure what to think of this. I will say that my immediate thought is that if two people see the same phenomena, it's almost certainly not some sort of hallucination. I'm just as skeptical of the mass hallucination theory as I am the theory that ghosts exist. So you have that going for you, and it seems like your ex had to deal with this quite often. The fact that you saw it as well probably gave him instant validation, so it's hard to blame him for being a little excited. Other than that, I'm not real sure here, Santana, but I can tell you that we hear about more than one person witnessing a spirit or a ghost all the time. So if those folks have anything to say about it, it's perfectly possible. Either way, thank you again, Santana, for making the call. And I'm sorry we don't have any answers for you, but at the very least, I'm happy to get your story out there. Alright folks, it's time for tonight's final entry. And I don't know who called this one in, and I don't know where they called from, but I do know that this call will be on your mind for days to come. Please welcome Anonymous from parts unknown.
