---
title: "Hag Spirit in Basement Says Put Finger in Socket"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-06-19
timestamp_start: 1907.3
timestamp_end: 2240.8
timestamp_display: "31:47 - 37:20"
caller: "Emily from Michigan"
type: "haunting"
location: "Ferndale, Michigan"
source_lines: "21-23"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker D] My name is Emily. I'm from Michigan. I'm going to share a story about a shared Experience with a hag spirit. That happened to me and my then husband. At the time. We were living in a two bedroom flat home in Ferndale, Michigan, a couple streets north of Eight Mile. And this would be the summer of 1999. And I was about six months pregnant when this started happening. The home, like many of the homes there, was built in the 1920s. Super old electric panel that you have to do the screw and fuses. So if you, you know, had to plug in anything big like a window AC unit, because, you know, none of these places had ac, the fuse would invariably blow. And at the time my ex was working second shift, so I would be alone in the house from 7am to about 4 or 5am and the fuse would always blow, of course, every night between 2 and 4am and so I'd have to, in a pitch dark, with a flashlight, walk through the house, down the stairs to the basement, to one of the two walled off cellars. And the fuse panel was in the farthest back cellar. And the cellar was directly below our bedroom. So our bedroom floor was the cellar ceiling. It was really heavy presence in that room. Whenever I'd go to change the fuse, it always felt like someone was right behind me, like about to strangle me. And when I'd go to put the fuse in, an intrusive thought would happen that would say, put your finger in the socket a couple of times. And I would screw in the fuse, book it back upstairs and just be glad that I was out of there. And this happened for several weeks through the summer. And I never told my ex he was never at home. And you know, it was just kind of weird. Every time I went down there though, that intrusive thought happened. And finally it would get to the point where I would just say out loud, I'm not gonna do that. And I'd run back up the stairs. Well, one night the fuse finally went out when he was home. And so I shook him awake, it's probably three in the morning. And I said, hey, you know, the fuse always goes out this time of night. It went out, can you go please change the fuse? And I'm expecting him to be like, oh yeah hon, you know, no problem, you're pregnant, you don't have to go down there.

[Speaker E] Nope.

[Speaker D] Turns over, looks at me and says, no way. And I am pissed. I'm like, come on, are you kidding me? Just go down and change the fuse. I do it all the time. Of course I didn't tell him that, you know, I thought it was creepy because I Wanted him to go do it. So we argue back and forth for a couple minutes, and finally he just says, no way. I have nightmares about that room. And I just question him. I'm like, what? He's like, yes. I'm in the dream and I in the cellar and I'm going to change the fuse. And I turn around and there's this horrible, hideous old hag. And she's grinning evilly. She's bloated and wearing a shredded nightgown and so horrible to look at. And she says, put your finger in the socket. And when I turn my back to her, she gets closer. And I have to turn around real fast and stop her from getting closer. And that's my nightmare. I'm not going down there. Well, as soon as he said to put your finger in the socket, I was floored. I couldn't believe it. I had never told him about it. And I told him what I heard when I was awake and having to change the fuse every night. And we both freaked out. And then about two days later, the entire power station in Ferndale was struck by lightning and burned to the ground. I kid you not. And we were out of power completely for over a week. And by this time, I'm probably like, eight months pregnant. That's my story. It's a really creepy house. I used to live in the upstairs flat and had a lot of really weird experiences up there, always revolving around the electricity. And I wanted to say that I have also found out that I'm clairaudient. And if there's anything I've learned from that experience is I do have paranormal experiences where the entity or the thing will directly speak into my head like an intrusive thought. Those are stories for another time. I joined the Patreon. I love your show. I hope you like my story and have a great day.
