---
title: "Glitch in the Matrix Driving Wrong Way"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-06-26
timestamp_start: 908.1
timestamp_end: 1147.3
timestamp_display: "15:08 - 19:07"
caller: "Ann from Texas"
type: "time_slip"
location: "Athens, Texas"
source_lines: "16-16"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker E] Hi Derek, this is Ann from Texas. I'm calling with a story for you. While it's on my mind. This is a strange glitch story. I was driving down to my parents house which is in East Texas. I was on a road I'd driven dozens of times. You know was going down there monthly for a while. It was on Loop 7 near Athens, Texas. I had to turn off on Highway 19 again. I'd driven this way dozens of times, probably could have practically done it with my eyes closed. But anyway, as I was driving along I look for my landmark which is a hospital that sits over on the left hand side of the highway. And it stands out quite a bit because the helicopter pad is out Front and oftentimes the helicopter is sitting there, so it's quite eye catching. So I'm driving along and I knew I was getting close to my exit, so I was kind of just watching for that. There's not a whole lot out there, a lot of country, rolling farmland, that kind of thing. So all of a sudden I realize I'm passing the hospital, but it's on my right. I'm on the wrong side of the road. Now, it is a loop, but in order for me to be going in the wrong direction, I would have had to have turned off at some point and literally got back on it. You know, driving in the wrong direction, which I had not done. I know where I'm going on that road. Very familiar with it. I wasn't distracted, wasn't talking on the phone. I was just probably listening to a podcast or something on the radio. I was so flustered by the whole thing, I had to literally pull over because I did not know how all of a sudden I was driving the wrong way on the very familiar road. Still don't have an explanation for that one at all. My other odd glitch story is I was sitting at McDonald's waiting for my food. They'd asked me to pull up a little bit and wait for my food. So I was. There was a lady that had parked nearby and got out of her car and she walked in front of me. It caught my eye because she had long, pretty hair and she was carrying a cup of something and she was scrounging through her purse and I thought, oh God, she's going to drop whatever that is, because it was kind of precariously balanced. So I was just kind of watching her, just waiting for her to drop this big cup of whatever it was as she's scrounging around through her purse. And she walked right in front of me as if she was going into the McDonald's there. You know, she walked on by and I just turned my attention back to just kind of sitting there waiting. And just within 10 or 15 seconds, I would say a movement over to my right caught my eye and I looked over and it's the same lady. She did the same thing, walked in front of me, you know, this big cup of whatever about to spill, scrounging around through her bag. And exact same thing that had just happened now, I guess, you know, I thought, well, did she walk around and go through the building and come out behind me? But there had not been time. We're talking maybe 10 or 15 seconds and she would have had to run around the building and come out there again and again. It was the exact same movement, the exact same scrounging through her purse, almost dropping the cup of whatever. It was very bizarre. It was like take two. But anyway, I just wanted to share those quick stories. Can't explain either one of them. Anyway, thanks for all you do. Have a good day. Bye bye.
