---
title: "Stranger Claims to Know Caller's Life Story"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-12-18
timestamp_start: 1456.1
timestamp_end: 1755.5
timestamp_display: "24:16 - 29:15"
caller: "Anonymous from New England"
type: "doppelganger"
location: "Puerto Rico"
source_lines: "36-36"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hey Derek, this is Anonymous from New England. I recently discovered your podcast and on episode 13, season 14, a lady that was talking about a doubleganger individual. And this story takes place when I was in high school. I grew up in Puerto Rico and I went out with my friends. We went out to the city. It was at night and even though I was hanging out with my friends, I wasn't drinking that night and I wasn't a drinker really. Usually I was the Designated driver. And that night, we passed some bars where people used to hang out, and a girl stopped me, and she stopped me, said, hey, how are you? Don't you remember me? And I'm looking at her, completely clueless. I had no idea who she was. And she's looking at me like she really knows me. She's like, don't you remember me? We went to school together one summer, and she started saying, my whole life. Don't you remember we were friends and remember you like this guy? And she starts telling me my whole history. I'm looking at her and I'm thinking, I absolutely have no idea who you are. And she looks at me and she says, you don't remember me? And I'm looking at her and say, are you sure you're not confusing me with somebody else? And she says, my name is. And she told me where I was from, and she knew intimate details about my life. And I still had no idea who this woman was. And I am not a person that forgets people. This has never happened to me before. It has never happened to me since. So of course I'm looking at her and I'm saying, you don't even look familiar to me. Are you sure it's me that you are talking about? And my friends that were hanging out with me at the moment, they're looking at me like, are you sure you don't remember her? I was absolutely have no idea. Do you guys know her? And they're like, no, we don't know who she is. And she was so disappointed. She's looking at me, says, well, your hair is a little different, but I'm sure it's you. I mean, this is your name. This is where we went to school together. I was like, are you sure we went to school together? She's like, well, it was summer school, and I'm from a different school. I should have took summer school at your school. Like, I did not take summer school that year. She told me the year. I was like, that is not me. She's like, no, no, it is you. And this went on back and forth for a good 20 minutes until I told her, listen, I need to keep going because I'm hanging out with these friends, but I am so sorry if it was me. I don't remember you. And she seemed so disappointed because apparently she says that we were close to the point that I knew supposedly details about her, and I had no idea who she was, and we moved on. I mean, I went and hung out with my other friends, and as we're walking away from this girl that she looked completely confused and actually like I had embarrassed her. But she also looked disappointed, like she had lost a friend some sort. And my friend said that was. Are you being mean? Do you not remember her or you're just deciding not to know her? And I was like, no, I really don't know who she is. I have no idea who this girl is and has bothered me through years. To this day, I don't know who she is. I have no idea what she was talking about. But she knew details about my life. She knew about my family. She knew about boys that I liked at the school. She knew things that only a friend would have known. And I didn't have that many friends. I wasn't a popular kid. I wasn't like, I had 20 friends and I forgot somebody's name. I had maybe two or three friends. I would have never forgotten one friend because I wasn't the popular kid. I was just a kid that was just like in the. In between. Not really a loner, but not really a popular one. So this has always bothered me. And I heard this episode that you said, and I always wondered if this was a person that. Well, maybe she thought it was me and been impersonating me. Because it has happened to me before where people have stopped me and said, hey, I saw you here. I thought it was you, but then I noticed it wasn't really you. And I've gotten that a lot. I just wanted to share that story with you. I appreciate it. Thank you.
