---
title: "Grandmother Dream Visits and Meditation Entity"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-06-12
timestamp_start: 2587.8
timestamp_end: 3073.5
timestamp_display: "43:07 - 51:13"
caller: "Anonymous from Arizona"
type: "ghost"
location: "Arizona"
source_lines: "71-76"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker D] Hi Derek. Love the show.

[Speaker G] I'm from Arizona, but grew up in a small town in northern New Mexico. I've always had very intense dreams and nightmares. I can actually remember my first nightmare when I was three years old.

[Speaker D] So much so that at a very.

[Speaker G] Young age I taught myself how to lucid dream as well as how to wake myself up from nightmares and bad dreams that I cannot control. My grandmother died when I was 10 years old. It was really hard on me because like most 10 year olds, I loved my grandmother and it was the first death I had ever experienced. I have only happy memories of my grandmother as a child. Two days after she died, I dreamt that I was at her funeral. Everything was exactly, exactly the same as it was at her funeral. Just like two days prior. I was sitting in a chair and bent over with my face in my hands, crying in my lap. Then I look up to my right and see my grandmother sitting next to me. She was facing forward, but peering down at me from the corner of her eye. She looked angry and annoyed. It didn't feel good. It wasn't happy. It was a very scary dream. Two years later, we moved to an apartment in Arizona. I was 12 years old and I was taking a shower. I closed my eyes to rinse my hair out and in my mind's eye I suddenly had a vision of this old scary lady wearing all black with white hair and red eyes. And she was flying toward me. She was charging me. It scared the living out of me. It was my grandmother. Later in life I learned that the grandmother I loved so much had a hard life and she was abusive toward her children. She abandoned them and my grandfather when they were teenagers for a pilot and traveled around the world with him. She also struggled with alcoholism. These were family secrets that for some reason my aunt decided to tell me when I was 18. Anyway, she has visited me in my dreams once since then. I walked into a Circle K, which is a convenience store. She was working there. I knew she was my grandmother, but she didn't know who I was. I just stopped to chat with her. I cannot remember what we spoke about. I like to think that because this wasn't absolutely terrifying that she was doing okay. Later on, I told my mother about that dream and she told me my grandmother had worked at a Circle K before I was born. So I've been meditating for 22 years. I've done all kinds of different meditations, from guided to mindfulness to working with chakras and energy. Now I'm a total agnostic and skeptic. I don't necessarily wholeheartedly believe in energy or chakras or Celtic goddesses or wicked spells and rituals, but I definitely believe in the intention behind them. Also, it's Just fun to play around with what your mind is capable of doing. So I've been meditating off and on since I was 18. Sometimes I'll go six months of daily meditation and other times I won't meditate for weeks. But it's something I've always come back to. During the time these two encounters happened, I was meditating intensely every day. For the first encounter, I was doing these guided hypnosis meditations every morning upon awakening in an attempt to experience astral travel or an outer body experience. Let me preface this by saying that although I believe in a multiverse or possibly believe in it and parallel universes because, well, physics, I'm not sure if what I experienced was astral travel or that I made my mind do something strange. So after about a month or so of doing this daily meditation, I finally was able to, quote astral travel, unquote. I'm going to call back with that experience because it's too long. But long story short, I left my body and traveled through this tunnel of light to a different planet and was in what seemed like a military medical field facility with a man who tried to grab me from behind. I was able to fly and go.

[Speaker D] Through walls at will.

[Speaker G] I had complete control. And I know I wasn't lucid dreaming, but it wasn't too dissimilar from that. The whole time I knew I was awake. It was crazy. Now, around this time, I'm also doing a lot of guided meditations where I'm meeting various goddesses once again. I don't necessarily believe in gods or goddesses, but I believe in the intention behind them. Oh, my God. I'm so glad I'm anonymous and none of you know my name. I sound like I own a metaphysical bookstore. Anyway, they helped me to understand myself and the world around me at the time. Skepticism and spirituality can both simultaneously exist. One night I'm meditating on my bed and I completely opened myself up for any of the goddesses I had previously got to know via meditation to come and visit me. I completely opened myself up. That was a mistake. After about 20 minutes of mindful meditating and focusing on my third eye, I suddenly feel someone at my bedroom door. The hairs on the back of my neck stood straight on end. I listened to, read about and watch a lot of paranormal stuff. And I never knew what people meant when they say they feel a presence until this moment. This isn't what I was expecting, nor was it what I asked for. I feel this presence go from my bedroom door and to the foot of my bed, where my feet were. It went around my feet to the other side of my bed where I felt a hand on my right shin as if to say, I'm here. Then boom. In my mind's eye, I see a face of an old woman. It was as if her forehead was against my forehead, but I could see her whole face. Her face was really wrinkled and she had an olive complexion with dark circles around her eyes. I mean, she looked like decrepit, like she was really, really old. If I saw her in a crowd of a million people, I would be able to point her out. I immediately opened my eyes. I could have sworn this old woman would be sitting there right in front of me. She wasn't. Now, the feelings that this woman gave off weren't necessarily bad. They felt kind of good and somewhat supportive, just like lukewarm. They didn't feel evil or bad. Like when I saw my grandmother, it could have been just the meditative state I was in and that I was calm, but I don't know. And she kind of looked like my great grandmother who died 30 years before I was born. I don't know, she just looked really old and not like really happy. I'm still not sure who she was or what she wanted. It scared me so much. I didn't meditate for months and didn't get back into it for a whole year. It's the longest time I've gone without meditation. I didn't even allow myself to think about it. Just completely blocked it out. Sometimes I wonder if I had just opened myself up enough with month long intense daily meditation to be able to and receive people who have passed. Or maybe I've always had that ability with the dreams and visions of my grandmother and the dreams of my grandfather. Oh yeah, he's come to visit me multiple times in my dreams too. I don't know, but I'm not sure I'm willing to find out again. Who knows, maybe I'll be brave enough one day. If there is anyone out there who has experienced visions, visitations, or dreams of dead people, please let me know. And if anyone out there knows anything about meditation or what I experienced by just random people popping up in your face and scaring you, it would be cool to hear your thoughts. What was weird about it is like when I go into sleep paralysis, my body will start to vibrate and it's terrifying. And sleep paralysis. And this time my body started to vibrate, but I knew I was awake. I knew what was happening, I knew what was going on. And it didn't feel terrifying, but it was the same feeling. Maybe it was my body releasing dmt, like when you die. I don't know if that's even possible. I didn't see any other weird beings that people typically see when they do dmt. I don't know. I have no idea. This whole astral travel thing, out of body experiences, I don't know what it is. Anyway, thank you so much, Derek, for all you do.
