---
title: "Pulsating Lights Meandering Through Trees"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-11-27
timestamp_start: 1674.7
timestamp_end: 2157.5
timestamp_display: "27:54 - 35:57"
caller: "James from Sydney, Australia"
type: "ufo"
location: "Sydney, Australia"
source_lines: "26-27"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker H] How you doing, Derek? My name is James from Sydney, Australia. So my story is, well, one among many. This one goes back to November of 2011, so some 13 years ago almost. I was 16 years old at the time. And also interestingly enough, this was a week before I was going to go on a school trip overseas to Cambodia and Vietnam, interestingly enough for two weeks. So literally a few days before I was going to fly out with my other students. It would have been about between say 9 o' clock and 9:30 at night on a weekend evening. So possibly I'd say a Saturday. Where I live in Sydney. To give you a bit of context, if you look at map of Sydney, it's quite a large, expansive city. So for a bit of context, I live in the southeast. What's important is that where I live it's quite close to the bush, your equivalent of the forest. And we live on a ridge that overlooks a small valley that overlooks another neighboring suburb. And in between that it's all just bushland, it's all forest, you know, it's all a valley and ridges as well. And our house is two stories with our kitchen and lounge room upstairs, not downstairs. So we have a massive panoramic view of an incredible amount of Sydney metropolitan and beyond that and of course bushland. And the other thing is too, where we live at nighttime it's very quiet and also we get to see a lot of stars. So essentially I was upstairs in the kitchen at the time, outside our kitchen window, lounge room and of course the dining area, we have a massive veranda, so like a balcony. And I was standing there just looking out the window as I do almost any night, looking into the distance, looking up at the night sky, looking at the lights in the distance, the neighbouring suburb, whatever, looking directly from the kitchen window. Straight ahead there is still currently a ridge, but also now it's residential area. This is where it gets interesting, because 13 years ago, from 2010 to 2011, the entirety of the area that is now residential, connecting to the rest of our area as well. So there used to be a main road that was at one point in time an Earthri road. And because of development, it's gone further. And that area 13 years ago was complete dense bushland. There was no roads, there was no streets, there were no street lights. And there was no houses, of course, either, not even foundations for ones to be built. It was all landlords being surveyed for building residential areas. Now, one thing I can say also because we have down in the valley tracks that are used by the rural fire brigade during the summertime of year. As you can imagine, we get bushfires in Australia, just like you get forest fires in the US or in Canada or even over in Europe. There are fire trails that fire trucks use to conduct their training and their preparation for bushfire season in the summer. So anyway, importantly to note where this ridge is back then and now, there were never any fire trails around them. And also, it's incredibly rocky, so no vehicles can drive through it so easily without falling off. So I'm standing there and I'm watching what to me was the most bizarre thing I've seen really since forever. Pulsating blue, red and white lights belonging to something that was clearly physical. It almost opened up is the best way I can describe. Appeared out of nowhere. And it lasted for a good maybe five minutes or so. And the best way I can describe it is it was swimming, it was meandering through the tree line in such a way that it didn't have any effect on the trees themselves. They didn't move, they didn't bend, no sound, but a very intense, bright light that would pulsate back and forth, back and forth. And at this point in time, I am utterly transfixed in what I'm seeing. So much so that I can't scream and say, hey, guys, or whoever, come up and see this. Can you see what I'm seeing? And even now, 13 years later, it is still a rather bizarre thing that I saw. I don't know if it was necessarily a ufo. It certainly wasn't a drone, because drones were a thing back then. It was not a helicopter, frankly, I would even call this thing a high aerial craft because it was so low. And it was basically, as I can, as I would say, it was meandering its way through the tree lines. So as soon as it was there, as it appeared, it quickly ended. It didn't disappear. Like going up into the sky, shooting up at incredible speeds. It almost like it just turned off and it was gone, never to be seen again. I don't know what you would call this. I mean, certainly by today's standards, it's a uap, Unknown Aerial Phenomena. Because this thing was not so much flying as it was more hovering. And like I said, I can distinguish between a fire truck with its lights on. And importantly, there were no tracks, no roads, no footpaths, or nothing at the time in that location. Now, if you were to see it with your own eyes, you would see houses and street lights, and it's a lot more open and less trees. At this point in time, it was densely filled with trees, eucalyptus trees, like we have in Australia anyway. And of course, no tracks. That's the important part. So this thing was not driving because you can clearly tell when it's on the road or on the ground and it's moving. This thing was in midair, so it was flying or hovering, but it was almost like snaking its way through. It lasted all between maybe five minutes. I've never experienced a phenomenon like that again. In 13 years, I've seen nothing of the sort. It certainly wasn't a plane, it wasn't a drone, it was on a helicopter. It absolutely was not a fire truck. It wasn't an object that was being driven as opposed to hovering and, you know, fluidly moving through the air. That's my story, and I hope it can be of use to other people who might have seen something similar to that. Any case, thank you very much. Thanks for your time.

[Speaker A] Thank you, James. Now, here's my thought. It was low to the ground, it meandered back and forth, and it seemed to shut off suddenly. So I wonder if James wasn't watching some sort of kite that was all lit up. And when the kite's lights were cut, James lost the craft in the darkness. I've seen these things around. People put LEDs or pyrotechnics on kites and fly them back and forth, typically on a beach. Now, I link to a video example over in the description of this episode, but that's just my guess here, based on my interpretation of the description James gave. Of course, this could have been almost anything. But I appreciate the entry, James. It's always fun to get insight on another country's paranormal activity. Now, folks, we're down to one last call here this evening, and this one packs a double punch. Please welcome Christina to tonight's Beyond.
