---
title: "Multiple Alien Abduction Experiences with Brown Man"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-11-20
timestamp_start: 2782.9
timestamp_end: 3234.7
timestamp_display: "46:22 - 53:54"
caller: "Spencer"
type: "alien_encounter"
location: "Unknown"
source_lines: "66-66"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker F] Hi, Derek, my name's Spencer. I want to share my story. So it was all in the 80s. The first thing I remember was like, I don't know, it had to have been like mid-80s at the earliest, like 84. I was like a toddler. My dad woke me up, he was screaming at the doorway. Something was gonna get us. It had a net, it was gonna get us. And my mom talked him down and I didn't really understand what was going on. But she was like, bart, you know, chill out, chill out, there's nothing there. Anyway. He seemed to think something was going to get us. And to me it made no sense or no difference. I was just afraid of his reaction. But years later kind of made sense after that. The second incident I woke up, I thought was in my bed. I don't know. At the time I was under depression. I was in my bed and there was a tickling on my left leg. And I'll send a picture of it. I'm in construction. I own a construction company. I've been shocked a lot of times. And it was similar to a low voltage shock if someone put low voltage on your leg. It was my left leg on my left thigh. It was similar to that but not the same. It was less aggressive and it was more of a tickle. And I woke up at the tickle and I scratched at it and didn't go away, and I went back to sleep, and that agitated me. Scratch at it again, and it still didn't go away. So that's when I woke up. Actually, this is the most vivid memory of all this. I suddenly realized that there was something or somebody next to me, like, right next to me, doing something to my leg. At which point I was terrified. The horror and the terror was beyond belief. My heart was beating out of my chest and I didn't know what to do. So I kind of, like, faked that I was asleep and then I ignored it briefly. But at the same time, I, like, cracked an eye. Like the left eye, which is where the tickling, because it's on my left. You ever have someone stand next to you and you can feel them moving? You can hear them moving? It's pretty obvious. And then I cracked an eye, and I could see there was actually something to go along with the movements and the sounds. So I closed my eyes and I was so scared. I could tell it wasn't human right away. Right off the rip, I could tell it wasn't human. I was moving. I'll have you know. I know you guys do a lot of sleep paralysis. I've never had that. And this, certainly I could move. I could have sat up if I wanted to. I know I could have. I just played dead. Basically, when I woke up in the morning and it was summertime, anytime there's incidents that happen, it was always summertime. I woke up and I was like, man, oh, thank God that was a dream. Because it went straight from that to like, boom, you're awake. And then. Anyway, let's skip to the next thing. So probably a year later, I had weird dreams, and then I woke up and I tried to get out of the bed and I fell down. The doctor told me I had flu in my legs, which I had no idea what that meant. My mom told me that I was faking it, but the doctor was like, he has flu in his legs. Because maybe I had a fever, but I got out of my bed, fell down, and couldn't walk for, like, two or three days properly. I could walk, but I couldn't walk, like, properly. But a previous caller of yours, he called in and said he thought he'd had, like, an abduction experience and they couldn't walk. I was like, what? That's the same thing I experienced. It's one of the motivators for me calling in. So let's move on to the next episode. So my parents used to party a lot it was the 80s. We grew up in the country. You know, it was hillbilly culture. Hate to say it, but that's what it was. My parents like to go out and party. They leave us home. But my brother was, like, four years older, and I'd be nine. He'd be 13. And this memory is weird. It's through a haze. The previous memories were very clear. This memory is through a haze. My parents woke me up, and there was a kind of like a fog. It felt like. And they're like, spencer, wake up. We want you to meet someone. We met. He's a doctor. He wants to meet you. And I'm like, why? I'm tired. I want to sleep. They're like, no, you got to meet him. So this little guy comes in. He's wearing brown glasses. He's got brown hair. He's got, like, a light brown shirt. He's got khakis, you know, like Dockers. They call him the brown man. And he sits down, he just kind of looks me over, and he's like, I just want to make sure you okay from last time. Are you okay? And I was like, fine. I didn't know what he was talking about. Literally had no idea what he was talking about. My parents just stood in the background. It was a very discombobulated memory. It was weird. Everyone seemed very short, especially the doctor. Like, he was my size, and I was like 7 or 8. Anyway, so throughout the years, I disregarded all this. You know, I never thought about any of. Wasn't until I was, like, 27, and I was at my nephew's first birthday party, and my older cousin showed up, and they're like 10, 12 years older than me, and they're like, do you remember the red ufo? Heather is my sister. And she's like, no, he wasn't there. He was at grandpa and grandma's, which I would go to grandpa and grandma's all the time because I felt safe there. I did not feel safe in my house. My house gave me, like, ptsd. I felt like somebody was constantly tormenting me at that place. And they're like, oh, my God, Spencer, you didn't know about this? And I'm like, heather, why didn't you tell me? She said, well, no one wanted to tell you because you said weird stuff all the time anyway about these things. And they went on to tell me this story that. So my cousin Jennifer was next door, which was my aunt and uncle's house. She was babysitting my cousin. And then my other older cousin Jolene girl was watching my brother and sister and a giant red light was hovering over her house. So Jolene, my brother and sister fled my house literally under a ufo, ran to the next door house and everyone hid in my aunt and uncle's house until this thing went away. Nobody told me until I was 27. And once they told me that, then I kind of started putting the pieces together and I was like, maybe all this was real. Anyway, love the show. That's my story. All right, later.
