---
title: "Shadowy Fog from Husbands Ashes Causes Illness"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-06-17
timestamp_start: 1804.5
timestamp_end: 2376.0
timestamp_display: "30:04 - 39:35"
caller: "Jason from New Orleans"
type: "ghost"
location: "New Orleans, Louisiana"
source_lines: "35-35"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] Hey, Derek. This is Jason. I'm currently in north central Kentucky, and this story takes place in New Orleans. I lived there for 20 years, and obviously New Orleans is very haunted. She's her own entity. This city lives and breathes. When I got there in 2000, I experienced certain things catching things out of the corner of my eye, hearing voices, but especially I feel the energy around me. You know, when I walk into somebody's house, I say, whoa, you got a loud house. Or, oh, wow, your house is kind of quiet. And I worked in the French Quarter mostly as a doorman at a bar at a couple different bars. And this couple would show up every once in a while. Let's call them Gracie and Joe, because I want to keep their identities a secret just in case. Gracie and Joe were kind of a weird dyad. Gracie was bubbly and outgoing, and she always wanted to have fun and meet new people. And Joe would kind of lurk in the background. You know, he was really quiet, and he kind of came off a little bit jealous. I didn't know too much about them, but over the years, I got to know them. And I kept in touch with Gracie because she was active on her Facebook. He didn't have one. And I was visiting my mother in Tampa, Florida, on Thanksgiving in 2019, and I saw the Facebook post. She had announced that her husband Joe had passed away. I immediately contacted her and said, hey, look, if you need any help, let me know. Boy, how did she call me back? Fast. She didn't know what to do because she was married at 16 to Joe, and he basically took care of everything. He expected her just to be at the house and, you know, taking care of this, taking care of dinner, and blah, blah, blah. So she really didn't know what to do. I gave her a little bit of advice and told her I'd be on my way to New Orleans from Tampa. That was my plan. Anyway, when I got to New Orleans and I went to her house, walked in her house, and it felt like sunshine when I walked in the house. She had several cats, and she was doing quite well for herself. I had just happened to show up, and I was there for a couple weeks. I was hanging out with her. We were having fun. We were reminiscing and watching TV together and stuff like that. And we were drinking beer and drinking rum. Her favorite was rum. And a couple days later, I walked into the house after a day of work, and I walked in, I said, whoa, the energy here has absolutely changed. This is a very loud house now, and it's very dark. And I said, whoa, what is the difference? And she cheerfully came up and said that Joe's ashes had arrived today. She had him cremated, and his urn was delivered that day. And I didn't say anything because I didn't want to be disrespectful. And I didn't want her to think I was freaking out or think that I had anything negative to say about this. So a couple days went by, and she had gone to bed, and I was sitting on the couch. And just to lay it out for you, the couch pointed at the tv. But then out of the corner of your eye, you could see the bathroom that was right in between the two bedrooms. And I was laying there watching TV. And guess what time it was? About 3:15, 3:30. Just in time, if you know what I'm saying. I saw this big, shadowy fog start to fill the area right in front of the bathroom in between the two bedrooms. And I knew better than to look right at it. I kind of watched it out of the corner of my eye. I kind of sat there. I'm like, oh, boy, what the hell's going on here? The shadowy fog, it didn't look like a person or anything. It was just kind of a fog, like a dark shadow. And it wafted into the bedroom. And it was a couple of minutes, and I kind of just blew it off. It was a couple of minutes later, I just heard this coughing and gasping. And Gracie was coughing, coughing, coughing, gagging and coughing and gasping. She came out of the room and sat down on the couch, and she was gasping for breath. I said, what the hell's wrong with you? And she goes, I don't know. She goes, I woke up coughing my brains out. So we drank some rum and drank some beer, and I didn't tell her about the shadow. Like I said, I don't want to freak her out. And I didn't want to, you know, act like I was like, ooh, there's a ghost here, or anything like that. So after that, the house still had that dark energy, that negative energy. I couldn't escape it. She took on a different demeanor from then. She kind of got really quiet, and she would not go back into that bedroom. And by that time, the landlord, who had always, you know, dealt with Joe, decided that it was time for her to move out because she could not pay the rent, and she was kind of waiting on his life insurance and stuff. We don't got to get into that legal stuff. But she had to move out. You know, I said, hey, I'll help you find a new place. We'll get you a new place, something perfect for you, something you can afford. And we did. It was closer to the city than she was. But in the time Covid started, it was just perfect timing for Covid. And she stopped eating, and she was very sullen, very quiet, very, you know, not herself. And she basically just sat there while I did everything to move her out of the place. And then she just kept on drinking her rum and not eating. And two of her cats died in the middle of all of this. By the time I got her moved into her new place, I was like, I'm getting ready to get out of here for the summer. Are you gonna be okay? She insisted that she was gonna be okay, and I told her that, hey, this is my friend Leroy. He helped us move her into the place. If you don't answer twice in one week, I'm gonna send Leroy a check on you because I'm worried about you. You gotta start eating again, you know? And she said, okay, fine. I won't stab him if he shows up. If I don't answer my phone twice, send him over to check on me. So it was a couple weeks before I called her twice, and she didn't answer the phone. So I sent Leroy over there, and the landlord had told Leroy that she got taken by EMS a week ago, and he wasn't sure where she went, and he was calling for her rent. And you know how people don't care. They just want their money. So I flew from Minneapolis to New Orleans. I did the five things you don't want to do during COVID A, I was in the airport. B, I was on an airplane. C, I was in New Orleans, and D, I was looking in hospitals for my friend. And finally I found her, and she had had a stroke and went into a trapped in state where she was Fully conscious, and she knew what was going on, but she could not communicate. She could not move. She could squeeze my hand a little, and she could blink. And, boy, howdy, could she tell me when she wanted the TV to be on a different channel. So I got a hold of her family. So her sister and her father came from Georgia and picked up all of her belongings, including the urn. Now, I bring this up because the urn got taken from New Orleans to Florida, and she started recovering immediately. So I was traveling around the world like I always do, and I got a phone call from her. It was her. She was talking. She's like, where's all my stuff? What'd you do? I tried to explain to her what happened. She had very little memory. She barely remembered that we moved her into a different apartment. She recovered fully, remarried to a good friend of mine a couple years later. And it was just the strangest thing that I saw their shadow that night and the whole energy of everything. As soon as his ashes were delivered, the whole thing changed in. She got very sick. And then when the ashes were moved away from her, she recovered. Anyway, love the podcast. Keep it up, man. Take it easy. Monsters forever.
