---
title: "Dead Friends Father Repeats Bathroom Routine"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2025-12-04
timestamp_start: 167.5
timestamp_end: 487.0
timestamp_display: "2:47 - 8:07"
caller: "Magnus from New York"
type: "ghost"
location: "Finger Lakes, New York"
source_lines: "5-5"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker D] Hey there Derek. The name's Magnus. I'm from the Finger Lakes region of western New York, where spiritualism, the Fox sisters, and all sorts of fun religions and cults have started enough. So we call it the Burned Over District. So I'm used to being in an area that has otherworldly and paranormal sort of vibes. I am actually calling because I listened to episode 43 in season 18. One of the guys was talking about seeing something kind of moving on rails down a hallway in a kind of repetitive fashion. And I have a story that I've been meaning to call and after listening to this, it really kind of made me realize I should. So this starts with me being a little kid, one of my best friends. We were three days apart and we lived only a couple Miles apart from each other out in the country. So we have pictures of us being newborns together. That's how long we were friends. And I would go over to his house and hang out. And just as kids do, long story relatively short. Unfortunately, he lost his father. He was an electrician and died at work. His mom remarried and they moved away. And in that time, my cousin and her husband bought their house and lived there. They still have that house. Now, I had been in that house from time I was a child. So it was kind of interesting to be in that house as an adult. Then they were traveling for a week. They were taking a family trip or something else. And they needed someone to house sit as well as watch their dog. Now, during this whole time, they actually would chuckle that the house was haunted and things would, like, move and fall. And I actually witness a couple times things weirdly moving that didn't just fall off a table, they kind of flung off a table. So there's always was kind of a joke about the house being haunted. And one of the things that they would say was that if you're sitting on the couch, there's a mirror on the one wall of the living room watching television. And in the mirror you can see down the hallway towards kind of the back door. And routinely they would see someone would walk in the back door any time of night, and they would go and check, and, you know, even a dog would run over there, check. There would be no one there. So I was told this by my cousin multiple times to keep an eye out for something that way. So as I'm sitting there kind of late at night, probably after midnight, dogs at my feet were watching television. And sure enough, down in that mirror, I catch something. Walk in the back door. The back door is locked. This isn't a country home. There is no one around. There's miles of empty farmland around this house. But clearly someone walked in the door. And I actually sent the dog over to check out, and dog walked over and no one was there. So I sat back down and probably 30 minutes maybe or so goes by, and I think I see something again move in the door. It goes in the door, quickly turns right. I feel like something's walking in. So I sat and watched and waited and nothing again. I kind of said hello, I think. And as I'm sitting there, I kind of just go back to watching the television straight ahead. And the back door immediately to the right, which the thing had walked into, was a bathroom. And that bathroom has a second door, which is in the Hallway, which is now my peripheral vision, my right eye. Imagine going 90 degrees. The hallway goes out. So the back of the couch is right against that wall. That would be the hallway down that way. So in my peripheral vision, as I'm watching television, I see what looks like something go out of the bathroom, down the hallway, into the master bedroom on that same side, as fast as I can turn my head. Something moved through there. But the crazy thing was, I wasn't scared by it. I wasn't like. But the feeling that hit me instantly, what hit me was a feeling of familiarity to it. And that's what caught me off guard more than anything else, that something moving down that hallway, this quick motion, this whole thing I'm seeing felt way more familiar than any sort of ominous, scary possible, you know, shadowy figure running down a hallway. And it wasn't like it was a human form. It was just something moving. I felt like the person that walked in the door kind of was the same sort of vibe of a person walking in with a person, of moving down that hallway. And I sat there for a second, and I couldn't quite understand why I was having a feeling of familiarity until it fully hit me, like a bolt out of the blue, that I'd seen this before. I'd seen this a lot before, is that when my friend's father would come home from work, he was an electrician. He was always covered with dust and dirt. His wife would make him go in the back door and then go right into the bathroom, get unchanged, take a shower, get himself all cleaned up. And then I would see him being a little kid, just. He would run down the hallway as quick as he could to go get changed, to come back and hang out with us and play with us. And I realized this thing I had seen move repetitively in the same sort of, like, action, like moving down a rail system, just a repetitive action, was something that was familiar to me. And it was exactly the actions I would see from my friend's father when I was a kid. And it makes me feel good. He just couldn't get home and wants to come out and hang out with us again, I feel like. But thanks so much for all you do. I really dig this show. Keep up the great work, and thanks so much.
