---
title: "Bronze Disc UFO Near Big Bear Mountain"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 1131.8
timestamp_end: 1320.8
timestamp_display: "18:51 - 22:00"
caller: "William from Montana"
type: "ufo"
location: "Lucerne Valley, California"
source_lines: "48-48"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hi, my name is William. I'm from Montana. Well, I've been here for about four years. Originally, I was born in Southern California, so I'm currently living in Montana. I haven't seen anything crazy out here. One time I saw a ufo, but it was could have been my imagination, but I was born in Southern California in the city of Riverside. When I was about five years old, we moved to this place called Lucerne Valley, right below Big Bear, kind of in between Big Bear and Barstow. And there I lived for about 15 years. Well, the place I grew up in was pretty haunted. A lot of weird stuff happened there. Maybe I'll call back and talk about that at a later time. I want to talk about one time where I saw a ufo. So it was a weekend. I know it was a weekend because it's school. I was about 14 years old and my family was ready to get out and go mudding in a place called Deep Creek, go off roading. So my friend was there and before we left, we thought we'd be able to go fishing. So my friends bought double fishing poles and tackle box. And we're standing out in the driveway and he was getting his gear ready, getting a hook on his fishing pole and stuff like that. And we're standing in the driveway. It's probably about 12 in the afternoon. It's a hot summer day and there's no clouds, clear skies pretty much the whole time. We're getting the tackle box ready. And he looked up and he looked out towards the mountain because from where my house was Big Bear Mountain, the mountain ridge was right to our left. And we could see it pretty much all the time. So he looked to the left and he saw the ufo. He told me to look at it and I looked over. He's like, check it out. I looked over to my left and there was this bronze disc probably about maybe 100ft wide. It was this bronzer, copper in color. And on the top of it, it had a dome that was just the same color, like a solid sheet of metal. And this thing was maybe a mile, could have been more than a mile away. And I was kind of following the ridgeline of the mountain. I lived on the slope of the mountain, so at the bottom of the mountains kind of sloped down so I could see the Bronze zip. And it was not very high. It wasn't very far. And it glimmered in the sun because it was bronze. So you can see there are like reflections and stuff like that. And it just kind of floated there. There was no sound or anything like that. And it was just kind of cruising, not going very fast at all. Cruising by going down the mountain line. The mountain ridge didn't go over the mountain. It just kept going. Well, he kept looking at it until we couldn't see it anymore. It was kind of weird. There's supposed to be a government base in that mountain that kind of is a hidden base. And I don't know if there was an alien UFO or if it was a government ufo. It's hard to tell. And you couldn't see anybody inside of it. It was just a metal distance. Yeah. Thank you for listening and I can hear me. Thanks. Bye.
