---
title: "Mysterious Helicopter and Mirrored Men Encounter"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 2397.3
timestamp_end: 2808.5
timestamp_display: "39:57 - 46:48"
caller: "Blake from Australia"
type: "other"
location: "South coast of Australia"
source_lines: "20-22"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] Hi Derek, big fan of the show, mate. Don't watch too much TV so you and a few other podcasts keeps going most time. I just wanted to shoot this in. Thought you and the listeners might be interested in this story. A little bit info. I've worked around Australia, the contract welder master a few other things but mainly that. So I've been pretty much all throughout in pretty remote areas lived out of cars, trucks gone from cattle stations cattle to cattle stations. So I just want to put in context I've been to some pretty remote areas and lived in some pretty rural areas where there's not much around. This story comes from when I was living in between cattle stations. I was on a little bit of a hole holiday visiting some family and then checking out some spots in the town I used to live. I'm on the south coast of Australia. I was on I'd say two or three weeks holiday. I was camping in. On a little spot off a water catchment like a dam. This little area. It's a. Wasn't. Wasn't too remote of the campsites, was out of the way. There wasn't much near the place. There is a navy base there that will sort of have a bit of part in the story. Anyway, I was setting up camp. I had been to this camping spot before. I was setting up the. I had a Subaru forest or all decked out with the. Yeah like overlanding type stuff. The awnings and all the stuff in the back and whatnot. I was getting all that set up, got camp going. I hadn't drank any alcohol or taken any drugs at this time. All of a sudden in the sky you could hear. I couldn't see anything but it sounded like the start of thunder but there was no pitch or you bang crack. It was just the bang like the. And then just continuous and loud in the sky like booming loud, guttural. So much that you could feel it like a. Like a plane taking off and it lasted for like 40 or 50 seconds. Went away, came back again. I think that happened like two or three times.

[Speaker B] This.

[Speaker C] This noise in the sky. Few hours passed, the noise went away. This was in the afternoon so this was a few hours pass into the evening. I had tea. I think I was making a coffee, getting ready to go to bed. I didn't have a Tent or anything set up. I just had the awning off the side with the bit of gear outside and the bed in the back of the car. Car, truck, whatever you want to call them over there, set up. So I'm going to bed. I've finished coffee, having a cigarette. I'm about to go to sleep all of a sudden here. This help like a helicopter. And I know there's a navy base close, so I'm not too stressed about a helicopter. But I hear the helicopter starting to land and I'm in a big clearing. Like I say, this is like a dam. You keep going down a little while and there's a little campground ground. There's water access for canoes, kayaks and this sort of thing. No power boats or anything. Anyway, helicopter. So I'll sit up. I'm in the car. I'm in bed at this point. So I sit up in bed. I'm having a look around. Not asleep. I've only just gone to bed, like just packed up, gone to bed here. A helicopter looking around at where this thing's going to land. We're in a pretty big clearing. Like I say, I. My little ramble there was meant to conclude with this is a campground. There was a little bit of land where it could have landed there all cleared. And there was a toilet block right up the back. So there was a fair bit of space for this thing to land. But it seemed to land in the track coming into the campground that had gum trees along each side of it instead of landing in the actual campground itself, where it wouldn't. Had. Wouldn't have been close to trees or anything like this. Definitely was not a car. I've worked on cattle stations. I've been in helicopters. I've worked around the R22s. They're pretty small helicopter, but even when you get up close to them, they're pretty big. They're big enough, especially with the width of the rotors. So I couldn't work out why it landed where it landed. And I tried to. I sat up, I was looking, having a look and I. I couldn't. I couldn't see any rotors on the helicopter. The Granted it was dark, but there was a light coming from the helicopter. The only way I can explain it, I couldn't see where the light was coming from. Wasn't like a torch that was turned on, that was shining light. I could see three or four figures there. This is where it was sort of. Sort of getting into the mirrored men thing that you guys have been talking about. I could see these three or four figures standing in front of the helicopter. Only dark. You can only make out the shape of the people. But as I was saying about the light there, I couldn't see them because the light was like it was liquid or a gas that was like floating along and like illuminating everything it touched. But you couldn't see the gas. It was only light. If that makes sense. It's a real weird scenario. Anyway, after I seen the light and seen what was going on here with the rotors, I just had a. I just felt really, really tired, thought, yep, this is a good time to go to bed. I remember the last sort of thought I had was I was looking out of the window and the light was illuminating me but not what I was trying to see. Like I couldn't see them. And I just thought, hey, hang on, this isn't good. I just feel like pray in a bloody spotlight here. And then, yeah, bang. I'm tired, I better go to bed. I can't really remember what happened the next day. I think it was just a normal day. I woke up and went about everything and that was it, mate. Yeah, I don't know. Pretty weird random story, but I thought you guys might like it. I'm pretty sure it was three or four men standing in unison like on that bit of a slant too that you guys are talking about, which sort of. Yeah, I don't know. Let me know what you think. Cheers. Bye.
