---
title: "Sleep Episode Speaking About Killing Cain"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 897.9
timestamp_end: 1187.9
timestamp_display: "14:57 - 19:47"
caller: "Ryan from Rhode Island"
type: "possession"
location: "Warwick, Rhode Island"
source_lines: "10-10"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] How you doing Mr. Hayes? My name is Ryan. I'll leave out my last name, but I'm from Rhode Island. This happened in the Warwick, Rhode island area. This is tough for me to get across. I actually had to have a few drinks just to actually get out this information because I've kept it in. I've only told my sister and she got freaked out. And that was the last time I told anyone. Besides the person who witnessed it was an ex girlfriend of mine. So basically what happened was I was. We were in bed, we were watching tv. It was in the Greenwood area. She apparently said that I had fallen asleep kinda. I mean it was. And let me retract this a little bit. I have slept a walk like I slept a walk like in my younger years. But this is definitely not the same. I had told her in my sleep that I killed Kane under a sycamore tree. That's about all I got out of her. She made me leave the house. I was totally sleeping when all this happened. She made me leave the house. I had no recollection of anything until I was about a mile away driving towards my parents house. And I know it sounds weird, I don't. I mean all I recognize is just my first recollection was driving by a cellos and you know that was by the water and that was going towards my parents house. And that's when I pulled over and I called her and I was like what the hell is going on? And she explained to me all this stuff. She was in tears, she was very upset. Apparently there was much more but that's all she would say to me. She was saying I was laughing, very sinister like we aren't together anymore to say the least. But it was, it was something that stuck with me Forever. It was. I don't know. I just. I can't explain anything. I. I researched a lot of this stuff. I know there's sycamore trees back in, like, the early stages of the Bible. I researched Canon Abel. There's not much information at all. It's just storybook pretty much. I mean, there's nothing. There's no historical evidence, but anything like that, you know, I've actually had thoughts of going to, like, a. Like a psychic or a medium to see if I, you know, this is actually, like, real stuff. I don't know. I. You know, I wasn't even a religious person growing up. I had to go to church. I did get my confirmation. I did. You know, I did all the things necessary for a Catholic kid growing up. You know, I went to a Catholic high school, so I knew about the stories. I never really took. I really never really took too much. Too much interest in any of them. You know, it wasn't. Wasn't like that. This is just way out of the blue for her to say. That's why it stuck with me, I think. And she was so scared of me. She was freaked out about me. Like, she. She didn't even want me to come back to the house after all this stuff. And, like, you know, never had any issues like that before we broke up because, you know, we had different patterns, obviously. But, you know, this was just. It was about five years ago. I'm 32 at the time, so I was. I was about 25. I'm sorry, about 28 maybe. It was actually more than that. Like about seven years. So I was about 25 at the time. And it was just. It was bizarre, man. It was crazy. I'll never forget it. I'll never, ever let this stuff go. I still research it from time to time when I get bored, but I've never found any information on any of this stuff, except for the fact that sycamore trees actually did live in the area, you know, blank Christ. Back in the day. You know, back in those times. And that they were actually a very significant tree back then. But, you know, this is not able. Getting killed. This is Cain.
