---
title: "Three Synchronized Figures Missing Seven Hours"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 561.1
timestamp_end: 878.9
timestamp_display: "9:21 - 14:38"
caller: "Matt from Cleveland"
type: "time_slip"
location: "Cleveland, Ohio"
source_lines: "42-42"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hey, just want to tell you thanks first and foremost for letting me tell the story here. Forgive me if a few of the details are a little bit fuzzy, but about 20 years ago, a little over 20 years ago, however, what I did see still sticks with me and it still kind of freaks me out to this day. So like I said, this was about 20, maybe even 21 years ago. I was, I wasn't even quite yet a teenager. My family had just moved from our old house to a newer house to. Well, it was a brand new house. It was just built, but the development itself was still very incomplete. A lot of dirt, lots, basements, already kind of dug out, construction stuff all over the place. Kind of like that. Definitely a safe place for a young kid to go run around and be an idiot in. Anyway, this would have been maybe after their first full year in the house of it must have been early summer, maybe even late spring. I just remember it was warm out. I was dead asleep in my room. But just suddenly I had this urge. I felt very compelled to wake up. Not like in a jumpy sort of way, like something startled me, but I was just very alert and very awake. This is a little bit after 2am and I also felt compelled to go walk over to one of my bedroom windows. So I walked over and sort of crouched down so I could see out the window a little bit better. There are some trees in our front yard. They're probably gone now. But there's some trees in our front yard that block my view a little bit. But you could still kind of see all the way down to the corner down the street. Probably can't now. There's obviously. Like I said, this was a new development at the time. There weren't many houses then. But now your view would probably be blocked from the same window. So anyway, as I'm peering down, looking at this corner, I see three figures walking away from my house. They're maybe 2 to 300ft away, somewhere in that range and kind of moving, like I said, moving away from the house. So I'm watching him for a long moment, and I don't know why. Like I said, I just woke up and felt compelled to kind of go over the window and take a peek out. And as I'm watching these figures, I notice that I just can't glean any detail. I mean, there's even a street light kind of down the street away. But it's just like. It's not enough light for me to make out exactly what. Who or what was walking down the street. But I could see more or less the dark outlines of, like, people. But it was really strange. As I was watching them, I noticed that they were all moving in unison, like, almost like perfectly synced together. They're sort of in, like, a. Not quite a straight line, almost like an angled line walking down what would become the sidewalk. But it was just kind of like a dirt path the time. And they were also very, very slow. Even though they were moving kind of constantly, that didn't seem like any of their movements were in any kind of hurry. They just sort of almost like glided down the street. So I'm watching them for a very long moment, and all three of them stop. And I don't know how to explain it. Even though I couldn't really make out any detail, I could tell that they all sort of turned their heads to look at me. There's nothing else on the street. There's no cars, no other people walking around. Like I said, it was new development. There wasn't much really out by where we lived at that point in time. And all three of them at the same time, though, like I said, they moved in unison. They craned their heads, at least as far as I could tell, to look at me. I don't know if you can make eye contact with something that can't really see a face on. But I feel like we made eye contact for a moment. Whatever I was looking at, they knew that I was watching them and they were watching me there for that long, long moment. So anyway, as I'm kneeling there, I just kind of remember blinking and kind of going blank. Blink again and I'm leaning face first against my window in the exact same position I was kind of kneeling there before. But it's now about 9 o', clock, maybe just before 9 o', clock, all three of them, all three of the figures turned around, craned their necks around to look at me and like I said, they all moved into unison so I could kind of see the movements happening at the same time. We had that weird moment where I knew they were watching me and they knew I was watching them. It was just kind of a weird, kind of tense moment. I didn't know what to do. I just kind of sat there and just kept staring and then everything just kind of went blank, like not in like a pass out kind of way. Just felt like a very long blink. And when I opened my eyes again, I was still in the same position, kneeling down, looking at the window. My face was like pressed up against the glass in the window. Then instead of 2am it was just about 9am, maybe just a little bit before 9am I had blinked and misplaced about 7 hours worth of time. It was even daylight. Obviously there was weird figures at the end of the street by the corner. Still really freaks me out actually, you know, 20 years later. Like I said, some of the details are maybe a little bit off. I don't know how far away they were or what time of year it was necessarily, but I still remember that moment when they turned around and looked at me. Knowing that I was watching them still kind of run the chills up my spine. Anyway, thanks for letting me tell the story. Hopefully I don't experience anything like that ever again.
