---
title: "Museum Ghost Reggie and Wrapping Paper Mystery"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 220.1
timestamp_end: 709.6
timestamp_display: "3:40 - 11:49"
caller: "Jeff from North Texas"
type: "haunting"
location: "North Texas"
source_lines: "5-5"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] This is for your Museum Historic Places episode. My name is Jeff and For the last 18 months I've been the facilities manager for a non profit art center in North Texas First A Little History of the center the building was constructed in 1929 and served as the city's first electric generating steam plant. After a few decades of sitting empty, it was first renovated in the mid-80s into what it serves as today. It's about 20,000 square feet and now contains three art galleries, a dance studio, various offices, craft and meeting rooms, lots of storage and little nooks and crannies everywhere, and a 5,000 square foot central hall with 25 foot ceilings. They pulled out most of the original steam pipes and floored over the main pit that ran down the center of the main hall which left a dark, musty, creepy basement that's only accessible through a plywood covered hole in the floor back in the janitor's closet. I've only ventured down there twice but it's pretty nasty so I didn't stay very long. Anyway, they maintained a lot of the original fixtures of the building so it has a really cool heavy industrial type look. Even some of the old restored steam pipes are near the entrance. We have various art exhibits throughout the year and we also rent out various rooms for weddings, meetings, church services, etc. We have a small staff of just five full time employees and a few part timers and interns occasionally. I don't recall how this first came up, but early on I was told that we had a resident ghost here named Reggie. I don't know how this legend came about, where it came from, but it's been passed along to new staff members over the years. As you can imagine, an old building like this makes a lot of creaks and odd noises, especially if you're here by yourself at night and it's windy out. I wanted to share a couple stories actually that I've experienced here. The first one afternoon last summer there were only two of us in the building. I was in my office which is near the entrance and across the main hall from the rest of the office space. Directly above my office is a second level that was added in the renovation that contains a wood parquet floored dance studio. And there is absolutely no insulation between the two levels, so if anyone goes upstairs it sounds like they're coming through the ceiling right on top of me, even if they walk softly. Now there are two sets of stairs going up to either end of the studio. We also have security cameras in several key locations and I always have the monitor pulled up in my office so I can always look and see what's going on in various places. So that afternoon I heard what sounded like at Least one person walking around right above me. I hadn't heard the front door open. And when I just automatically looked at the cameras, I couldn't see that anyone had entered. And I also didn't see any cars other than mine and the other person in the office. So I assumed that it was our education coordinator because she would have been at some point setting up for a drawing class that she had that evening. A few minutes later, I left my office and I glanced up the stairs near me as I walked by and I could tell that there were no lights on over the stairs or in the studio. I would have seen them. So I was curious. I went up there and there was no sign that anyone was there or had been. So I walked across the hall and I found our education coordinator sitting in her office. And she said she hadn't been up there at all yet that day. So I could pretty much guarantee though that no one else had entered the building because I would have heard the door. I would have seen it on camera. This is my second story. This happened last December, like the first weekend of December in 2019. There was a local charity group that hosts a big holiday event in our building every year. And on that Friday they had a few volunteers in our building setting up and doing all the decorating. Back in our craft room, there's a wall of 7 foot high double door storage cabinets. The group had decorated them by covering them with wrapping paper. Later in the day, our education coordinator realized that she needed some supplies out of there. And one of the volunteers and she carefully removed the wrapping paper that was over the cabinet she needed to get into. And then they both taped the wrapping paper back up. As far as we all knew, all of the folks setting up for that event had left the building by 5pm that Friday. Our events coordinator was the last one to leave the building at 6pm and as usual, she started to walk down the back hallway to check the lights and be sure that the door off of that craft room where the decorated cabinets were, everything was shut up tight. As she started down the hallway, she could tell that all of the lights were out already. It being December, it was already dark out, but there's some pretty big windows. So the only light that she saw was a little bit of light like from the street lights out front. But as she started to walk down that back hallway to the craft room, she heard what sounded like wrapping paper being torn down and shredded. She froze. It freaked her out as she thought she was alone in the building. So she quickly turned around and Headed to the front door. She didn't see any other cars in the parking lot that shouldn't have been there. So she set the alarm, figuring that if someone was in here and they got out, that it would go off and we'd be notified. So she got out of here. Our education coordinator and her intern had been at a special holiday event on the square downtown, and they came back to the building to drop off their supplies around 6:30pm when they got back here and went back to the craft room, they saw that the wrapping paper was indeed all over the floor, just piled. It had been torn down. They were a bit surprised, but again, it wasn't really their problem to worry about. So they went ahead and put their stuff away and they left and set the alarm again. So the most puzzling thing, when our education coordinator and intern came in on Saturday morning, shortly after they arrived, the workers came to host the event. And when they went to the back room, the wrapping paper was back up on the cabinets as if nothing had happened. Now, unfortunately, we do not have camera coverage in that back area. And after checking on the DVR to try and figure out this mystery, I found out that for some reason it was only set to save the recordings for 24 hours, and then it would overwrite the existing video. But we were also curious about it that on Monday I contacted the lead person for the event. We actually had her on conference call under the pretext that we were checking a possible malfunction of our security system. So in a roundabout way, I asked her if everything was okay from when they finished their setup on Friday, and she confirmed everything was just as they had left it. I also asked her if she knew if anyone was in the building after 5pm and she said that as far as she knew, along with herself, everyone else was gone. Now, even if they had had someone still in this building on Friday, there would be no way that they could have left the building without setting off the alarm. And I would have gotten the call from the alarm company and also the police department, because my cell phone number is the emergency contact number on our front door. The fact that there were three employees that could all corroborate what they had seen, and the fact that the alarm had been set and had been reset, and that the two people confirmed that they saw the wrapping paper on the floor, to this day, we really have no reasonable explanation as to how this could have happened.
