---
title: "Whistling Entity and Slamming Doors at Hospital"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 2353.7
timestamp_end: 2828.0
timestamp_display: "39:13 - 47:07"
caller: "Brandon from Southwestern Indiana"
type: "ghost"
location: "Southwestern Indiana"
source_lines: "29-29"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] Hi Derek, My name is Brandon. I'm calling from Southwestern Indiana and after hearing your series about hospital stories, I had a thought about a hospital that I used to work in several years ago. This would have been from around 2018 to 2019. I worked the night shift at a hospital in my hometown that has been on the same spot in some way, shape or form for the past about 150 years. It's the oldest hospital in town. It's one of the older ones in the state as far as I know. So my job basically was to run around delivering things. I was kind of like a porter or a gopher or whatever you want to call it. But the other part of it was that we collected surgery equipment. So we would make rounds every night, pick up surgery equipment and things like that that needed to be sterilized and we would take them to sterilization. So one of the areas that we went to is kind of a burn unit slash, kind of a day therapy area. It's kind of hard to really describe what all they do, but it's only open from about 8am till about 5pm So I worked the night shift and when we were going through there it was completely closed down. So to get to this area you go through a first little addition that used to be a maternity ward and there are a set of automatic double doors as well as a locked sterile room where all of the equipment is kept and things like that or a dirty room, whatever you want to call it. So every night we would make these rounds, and this particular night, it was a. It was all. It was actually probably around September of 2018, if memory serves. And I was going to pick up the equipment, and so I went through the little set of double doors. I put in my code, opened the doors, and was grabbing the stuff, putting it on my little cart that we would push things around on, and filling up the paperwork to say that we had picked it up. So as I'm filling out the paperwork, I hear a whistle, and I look up, and again, I'm in a very small, almost like a closet with a locked door behind me, a locked door in front of me, and some sinks and things like that. It's what they would call a dirty room or whatever you want to call it. I don't see anybody through the little windows on either of the doors, and I kind of brush it off. I just assume it's more likely than not one of my co workers playing a joke on me. I worked with a bunch of guys my age that I'd known for many years, and we all kind of goofed off and like to have fun. So I go back to filling out the paperwork. And then all of a sudden, as I'm getting ready to go back out to my little cart, I hear the whistle again, only this time it kind of sounds a little bit farther away. So I walk over to the double doors that the civilian doors, or whatever you want to call them, and I push the button, and they are automatic. So I push these double doors open and I walk through. And the area that we go to that is again, really only open during the day is basically a big circular walkway with a bunch of rooms or square, whatever you want to say. There's two sets of doors that lead to the outside that are locked at this point in time. And then there is the entrance back into the hospital, which is the automatic double doors or the two sets of doors through the little sterile chamber. So I'm looking around, I don't see anybody. And I'm kind of confused because if it had been a. Somebody playing a joke on me or something like that, I would have been able to see them. And so I kind of start to walk around thinking maybe it's a security guard or even a nurse or somebody that's lost. And again, all of the lights are off. There's no equipment on or anything like that, except for just kind of some background lights. So I'm looking through some of the Rooms. I'm walking around and, you know, I'm saying, hey, hello. Is there anybody there? I was calling out my friend's name. I was like, hey, are you there, there? And I don't see anything or hear anybody. So by that point in time, I've completely walked this little circle. It wasn't very big. And I'm back looking at the double doors, which were still open. Now, this was weird because those double doors, I mean, they're your basic handicap, double doors. You push the button, they swing open. They're open for maybe 15, 20 seconds, and then they close. Well, they were still open. So I'm getting a little bit weirded out at this point in time, and I start to have, like, a kind of a weird feeling on the back of my neck, because that's not normal. I've done this little routine, you know, hundreds of times. I've gone through these doors before for other things. They don't stay open like this. So I kind of start to walk back towards them, and I'm expecting one of my friends to, like, I don't know, jump out and try and scare me or something like that. And I get to the set of double doors, and I walk through them again, and I'm still kind of looking around, and I'm very confused because again, it's been maybe two or three minutes since I initially hit the button and walked around and came back through the double doors, and they're still open now most of the time. I mean, it is an older hospital. You know, I've thought about it before. It is possible that maybe the doors kind of got stuck or something like that. But I turn around and I'm looking at both the double doors as well as the doors that lead to the sterile room that I was in before. So I grabbed the little cart that I had put my equipment on, and I'm thinking, okay, yeah, you know what? That's totally what it is. Like, the doors are stuck, and they are just going to close like normal, because again, they're, like, pneumatic. You know, they close very slowly. So I start to walk away, and I hear the whistle again. And this time it sounds. I mean, like, literally somebody is right behind me, and it kind of freaks me out. And I turn and I, you know, I've got this cart, and I kind of spin around, and the doors are still open, and I'm, you know, looking around, and finally I'm like, okay, guys, like, if you're trying to play a joke on me, you got me. Well, all Of a sudden those double doors slam. And I mean, when I say slam, I mean they slammed so hard that the panes of glass that are, they're kind of like the double sided panes of glass and they have like the metal, like meshing through them. Those panes of glass rattled. I could hear them rattling. Like the doors slammed so hard. And at that point in time, I'm like, okay, you know what? Like I'm, I'm getting out of here. I turn around and I mean, I start booking it through this little other area that you know, that I was in. And as I'm doing it, I get out into the hallway and there's kind of this main drag hallway that goes from one into our hospital to the other. And as I'm doing it, I see the other two guys that are on night shift coming out of the elevators. They're probably about, I don't know, maybe like 50 yards away from me because again, it's a really long hallway. It's. The hospital is technically two hospitals connected, whatever. So I'm looking at them and they both see me and they both kind of look at me and are like, oh my God, you know, what just happened? Like, what's going on? Like, you, for lack of a better term, look like you've seen a ghost. So I kind of explained to them what happened and I said, I thought it was you guys. And they said no. And one of the guys looks at me and he's like, you know, I've been having a lot of really weird feelings when I've kind of gone in there before. And, you know, it's kind of good basically that you're. You've seen something as well. And not long after that, I ended up leaving that job. But I mean, that was like one in a series of many, many, many weird things that have happened at that hospital. And not even just to me. I've got some other stories from some other co workers and stuff like that that I might call back with. But, you know, that was the one that stuck out to me the most. I'm a little bit late for the hospital and medical workers episode, but hopefully you can use this. I really enjoy the show and thank you very much. Have a great one.
