---
title: "Child Vanishes From Locked Porta Potty"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 506.1
timestamp_end: 773.8
timestamp_display: "8:26 - 12:53"
caller: "Corey from Montana"
type: "other"
location: "Montana"
source_lines: "6-6"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] Hey Derek, this is Corey from Montana. So this happened to me just tonight. There's a fair in town, the Montana fair. And I had to use the restroom. So I walked over and there's a section where they had porta potties because they're doing construction. And there's two porta potties, they're handicap accessible. And the left line, there's like 12 people. And so I scoot over to the right line where there's three little kids in front of me and one person in the outhouse. Already some standing there and you know, I figured I got the shorter line, I'll get there pretty soon. And the one male kid comes out of the porta potty and the two girls got bored and just jumped out of line, little girls. And then the boy in front of me went to the porta potty, locked the door, went, it was a sliding lock too, not one of the rotary locks, which may or may not be an important point of the story. So I'm standing there and you know, kids taking, I mean, kid was maybe five foot tall, four and a half foot tall, maybe a fourth or fifth or sixth grade or something like that. I would say maybe a really tan white kid. Not really sure. I wasn't paying attention that much. I mean, I had to go to the bathroom. So I'm standing there and I just should have gotten the other line because eight people go through the other outhouse, kids and parents and all sorts of stuff. And I'm just sitting there like, man, I picked the wrong one. So I, I waited for, I don't know, five, seven minutes and I gave a little knock on the door, you know, like hurry up. Didn't hear anything, didn't see anything and unusual, but there was like a 4 inch gap at the bottom of the Door, maybe because it was a handicap, one I don't know, for the wheelchair. So, you know, the line next to me has gone through 30 plus people, and I'm the only one standing there in front of this outhouse. And people are looking at me and they're like, dart, is there someone in there? I'm like, the. The door is locked. I was like, I watched the kid go in there. Like, it's locked. He's just waiting. He's whatever, A little kid, no big deal. So I'm waiting and waiting patiently, and we're 10, 15 minutes at this point. You know, I've banged on it and asked if it was okay and didn't really hear nothing. And this mom, you know, with her kids kind of went over and. And peeked in through the holes and asked if he was okay. And she thought she heard something but wasn't sure. And his grandma came up, started banging on it like, come on, you know, you get out of there. Are you okay? Do you need help? And you know, I was just. Just taking it in stride. Now the other people offered me to go on the other one. I'm like, no, it's fine. I'll just wait for the kid. It's fine. So then after a while we're like, is the kid okay? Where's the parent? Like, did he have a seizure? Did he fall in? What's the deal? Because we're going on 20 minutes now. So I get online and I called the park security. I was like, hey, you know, we got a kid stuck in a porta potty. We don't really know what the deal is. And so they said they get someone over there. And everybody's looking at me like, we kneeled down and kind of looked under the door and didn't see any feet. And we're like, well, that's weird. I mean, it was a smaller kid, but you think you'd see some feet dangling. And, you know, we kind of had enough. And we were worried at that point. We were like, you know, did something happen to this kid? Did he fall in? Is he okay? We don't know. We don't even know where the parent was or the parent is. So, you know, I'm pretty big, size six foot two, dude. And so I put my foot on it and I just yank the door open, bust the lock wide open. There's nothing in this porta potty. You know, we three of us looked down the hole. There's nothing there. It was full. And it wasn't the kind of lock that could accidentally lock, period. There's no way it was a 4 inch slide to lock the lock. So it showed red with a, like a no smoking sign, you know, a circle with a line through it. And he had to slide that over to green to show that it was open. So there's no way that it could accidentally like slam the door and slam shut. There's just absolutely no way. I on top of the fact that I saw a little boy go into the porta potty that I was patiently waiting for. You know, I was looking for a trap door. I was looking for a back door. Did someone abduct the kid? It was there really a kid at all? Like, I know I saw a kid go, I I don't know. I don't know. No one around me knows. And I didn't want to deal with it any further than that. So I just left. I was like, I don't know. I'll swear to the day I die. I watched a kid go on there. I don't know if it was a ghost kid. I don't know if the kid disappeared. I I I don't know what to make of it, but I'm sure not gonna forget it anytime soon. Thanks.
