---
title: "Skinwalker on Bed in Albuquerque Apartment"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 1484.0
timestamp_end: 1962.9
timestamp_display: "24:43 - 32:42"
caller: "Anonymous Navajo"
type: "other"
location: "Albuquerque, New Mexico"
source_lines: "25-25"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker D] Our next story is a written one. This is an anonymous submission from the Four Corners area. Hello. My story has to do with skinwalkers or what I believe was a skinwalker. I will remain anonymous for my story. I am originally from Arizona and New Mexico. I am Navajo Native American. This event happened in September of 1993. I grew up in Utah and Arizona and spent my teenage years in New Mexico. I had grown up not hearing any stories of skinwalkers or any type of dark stories from my heritage. As a child. My parents weren't really traditional, being brought up in boarding schools for most of their young lives, so these types of unnatural things were not discussed at home. I did not find out about skinwalkers until I was a teenager. I was told stories from some Navajo classmates in high school and by close friends who had encountered these beings. Since I was never told about these types of evil beings, I really didn't believe in them. If anything, I just rationalized it as people with mental issues who thought they were gaining power from going to the proverbial dark side. The thought of them actually having supernatural powers I wasn't convinced of, so I never really paid much mind to these stories. In 1993, I moved out of Gallup, New Mexico after graduation to attend college. I then lived in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Albuquerque is not a small town. It is A large city. Not as large as Los Angeles, but it's fairly populated. I lived in a studio apartment right in the middle of the city. One night I woke up feeling that someone or something was sitting on the bed. I initially thought I was half dreaming and half awake. I kept my eyes closed for a few seconds more, but I could tell the presence of someone still sitting there. I also could hear it quietly breathing. I could feel the mattress was sloping down by my feet, so I opened my eyes more of a blink. But I saw there was something sitting at the right side of the edge of the bed, looking toward the window that was at my right side. What I could see was a figure of a person with long black hair, a lot of hair, and with animal skins on its body. There were areas of bare skin that looked an ashy gray color, like it had been rubbed with ashes from a fireplace. I closed my eyes, telling myself I was still dreaming. Over and over. I am still dreaming. I turned around, rolled over in bed to face the opposite direction, eyes still closed at this point. My boyfriend at the time was there and I could hear him breathing as he slept. But I could feel the body was close to me. I opened my eyes again just to see my boyfriend sleeping. I closed my eyes again, scared at this point that my heart was pounding so loudly and terrified that whatever that thing was, it could hear it. I kept telling myself I was only dreaming. My mind was telling me, no, you are awake. I felt a slight stirring at the edge of the bed that made me scared that it was going to grab me. I felt myself muster up the courage to sit up as fast as I could to look. What I saw made my heart stop. I sat straight up in bed only to see this person or thing run from the kitchen area across the living room in front of my bed and through the door. He didn't stop to open it. He just ran through it like a ghost. From what I could see in the darkness of the room, it was a thin, tall man, almost naked except for some animal skins. Long black hair that mostly covered his face and skin that seemed to be covered in ashes. He also had a sack or bag of some sort in his hand. It was so fast when he ran by, almost like an animal running, but I still remember it clearly. I sat there in bed, awake, still asking myself if this was a dream or did I really see that. I then jumped off the bed and switched on the light, which woke up my boyfriend. I must have sounded hysterical and scared. I told him to check the bathroom. I just saw someone run into the room and out the door. He looked dazed, but of course he did it and of course there was nothing there. I opened the front door and looked outside and again saw nothing. For many years I told myself it was just a vivid dream. I thought it could be like a night terror, but I was able to move and I felt very awake during this whole episode. I have experienced night terrors before, so I am familiar with how these feel. This was so much different. It was so real. Maybe it was just a ghost that I saw, but what my mind told me was that this was a skinwalker. In the following months of this incident, what seemed like constant bad luck came into my life. My grandfather died, my boyfriend and I went through a very tough time with domestic abuse and my difficult pregnancy. My parents went through a very rough time with the end result of my mother having a severe mental issue. Now of course this could all be coincidence, but remember, it all started after this dream incident. I chose to remain anonymous because in the Navajo tradition we are told not to talk about sightings or situations with skinwalkers. This could in turn bring more situations with them to come into your life. In the Navajo tradition, these are very evil beings, jealousy being the main driving force of why they do this. You can google what the initiation requirements are for these people. It's some very scary stuff. Since this has happened, I have embraced my Native American heritage and have more insight on what our traditions are good and bad. I'm not trying to invite bad things to happen in my life by sharing this story, but I am sharing because I want others to know we've all seen similar things in regards to skinwalkers. I heard a few skinwalker stories on your podcast, but I do not think anyone was Navajo from the Southwest that told the story, so I'm sharing mine with you. Thank you very much for listening to my story. I have a few more about ghosts and UFOs that I will send in the near future. I love the podcast and listen regularly. Keep up the great work and hope to listen to you for many years to come. Thank you for that submission. I realize I'm just as guilty as the next person, but sleep paralysis is blamed quite often for experiences such as this, despite the fact that the experiencer adamantly claims otherwise. It's sort of a catch all for anything weird that happens when one is asleep, but I'm beginning to realize that not everything can be explained away using this popular sleep disorder. Now, something the writer mentioned that made me think was the process by which a shaman becomes a skinwalker. The actions are so extreme I felt it necessary to cover them. The following paragraph was taken from navajo legends.org the term yi nao do shi literally translates to with it he goes on all fours. According to Navajo legend, a skinwalker is a medicine man or witch who has attained the highest level of priesthood in the tribe, but chose to use his power for evil by taking the form of an animal to inflict pain and suffering on others. To become a skinwalker requires the most evil of deeds, the killing of a close family member. They literally become humans who have acquired immense supernatural power, including the ability to transform into animals and other people. According to the Navajo skinwalker legend, these evil witches are typically seen in the form of a coyote, owl, fox, wolf or crow, although they do have the ability to turn into any animal that they choose. A link to that full article can be found in the Show Notes for this evening's show. I certainly can't say definitively what was witnessed that night, but with a description that was given, a skinwalker certainly fits that bill. Thank you again for sharing that story.
