---
title: "Three Small Shadow Gremlins Attack Office Printer"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 1151.8
timestamp_end: 1377.9
timestamp_display: "19:11 - 22:57"
caller: "Sarah from Utah"
type: "other"
location: "Utah"
source_lines: "8-8"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hi, my name is Sarah. I'm calling from Utah. On a recent episode, you mentioned that you'd never heard of small shadow people before, and you were wondering if other people had had small shadow people experiences. And I had this was about 2010. I was working in an office. The way my job worked. I was the last person to leave from my department at night. And this would have been early winter, late fall sometime. So it was dark when I left. It was about 6 o' clock when I left and it was already dark. And anyway, I am sitting alone in my office and I'm listening to a spooky podcast, if I'm going to be completely honest, and I see movement out of the corner of my eye and I turn and I see these three figures that would have been about 3ft tall, including a tall pointy hat, like a gnome hat. And they're running around. We had a I worked in the printing department at this particular job and we had a big printer that was always problematic. And they're running around the printer and they look like they're going into the part of the printer that was always giving us problems. And I just kind of shook my head and I said, okay, well, I'm freaking out. I'm scaring myself because I'm listening to this scary podcast. I turned it off, I turned on music. I finished my shift and just went on my regular routine. 45 minutes later, however long it was, when my shift was over, I got up to leave and locked everything up. And as I was walking up the building, the owner of the company's wife was coming in the door. And I said, hello. And, you know, as I turn to go to my car, I see the same three figures or similar, the same kind of figures that are running around her track. And they go into it. They run up into her track engine. And the only thing I can think of is that they're gremlins. These are like shadow gremlins. And I tried to figure out what to do. I didn't have keys to get back in the building. I had the owner's phone number, but I really couldn't think of a way to call and say, hey, I think there are gremlins in your truck without getting fired. So finally I just gave up and went home. I did keep an eye out for that truck to see if it show it off with like a big dent in the fender or something. I don't know if there's ever any problems with that. Eventually we did get rid of the printer and replaced it. I've never seen those little shadow things since. Like I said, they're about 3ft tall. It looked like they were wearing a tall hat, a tall pointy hat that was included in that three feet they're wearing. It looked like they were wearing these long oversized coats. That's just really the only way I can think of to describe them. And the only thing, the only identity I can give to them is gremlins because it looked to me like they were attacking this part of the printer that was always giving us trouble and they were attacking the boss's wife trucks engine. So anyway, that's my little shadow people story, and thank you for giving me the time to share it.
