---
title: "Woman in White Vanishes in Empty Office Building"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 1576.2
timestamp_end: 2013.1
timestamp_display: "26:16 - 33:33"
caller: "Anonymous"
type: "ghost"
location: "Detroit, Michigan"
source_lines: "18-18"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hi Derek. Story happened in May of this year. I was leaving work. I work in Detroit, downtown, specifically, in a bunch of, you know, an office building or whatnot. I was working late, about midnight. I was leaving, and on my way to my car, I have to walk probably about quarter mile to my garage, probably. And I was walking, and I have to cut through a building that's about a block away from the actual building I work in to get to my garage. It was a weekday, I think Wednesday. Pretty empty for downtown Detroit during the week, especially at that, you know, at that time of night, I was walking up to this building, and it was completely empty outside in front of it when I. When I started to cross the street. Completely empty outside. Now, this building, in the front of the building, there are two revolving doors. And on the side of each revolving door, there is a regular door that you have to badge in. The revolving doors are locked at that time of night, and so are the other doors. You have to badge into the side doors. When I was walking up to the building, there was a woman standing directly in front of the revolving doors. And this woman seemed to appear out of nowhere. I didn't see her when I started across the street. And once I got on the sidewalk and almost approached the doors, this woman was standing there. She was facing the revolving doors. She was dressed in all white from head to toe, and seemed like she was standing still at first. But once I got closer, I noticed she wasn't. This lady's about my age. I'm 29, so she was probably within a couple years of my age. When I got closer to her, I noticed that she was holding a purse, and she was fumbling through it. And I went to as soon as she was looking for the badge to get in, if she had one. So I went up to her, and she never looked up at me. And I said, do you need help getting in this door? And she said, yes. Now, I normally wouldn't do that, but like I said, it was late at night. She was standing alone. And there is a security desk once you go in the building, that's way in the back. So I figured if she did get in the building, that the security will probably see her or something like that. So she said yes. I used my badge to open up the door, and I opened it with my right hand, and with my left hand, I gestured for her to go in ahead of me. And she walked up to the door, and she put her hand on my chest, and she said, thank you, my love. But this time when she spoke it was in a British accent, a very noticeable British accent. And when I first spoke to her, it was just a normal Midwest, Michigan accent I guess. And I didn't notice anything strange. But when I opened the door for her, she said, thank you my love, and it was in a British accent. And I thought that was weird, but I didn't think anything of it. Just kind of shook it off. Once you get into these, the first door I bash her in, that's another set of glass doors that you have to go in. So once, once she went into the first door that I let her in, she waited. And this lady never made eye contact with me, kept her head down the entire time and she waited. And I opened up the. One of the glass doors for her to go into and she went in. And I walk a little fast, so once she went in, I went in behind her. And then I kind of walked past her and got a little bit of ahead of her. And as I was walking I was thinking to myself that this, this woman was odd. Something was off, but it was late. I was ready to get home, but I didn't think much of it. Now this, once you get into this building, this lobby that I was in, it's huge and it's very empty. There's a security desk, but it's all in the back basically almost on the other side of the lobby and also farther in the back. It's very hard to describe, so I can't really describe it to you, but you can't see them. You really can't see the security desk. You have to actually walk farther to the back of the lobby and make a small, I guess a slight right or what or whatnot to actually see the booth. Other than that it's a very open lobby. There's like a couple tables and chairs, but nothing really. It's really just almost a football sized field lobby with nothing in it. And it's dead quiet. There's a fountain in it, but that's off at that time of night. So it was silence, like you could hear nothing. You could hear pin drop in there. So as I was walking towards this back door that I have, the one that I would exit out of to be at my garage, I heard very loud screech and I. It scared me and I jumped and I turned and I looked behind me and this woman was pulling out a chair that's at one of the tables. And because the lobby is so empty and so big, it was very, very loud. I just turned around and I started walking as Fast as I could out of the building and probably about five steps in, I decided to look back, and this woman was gone. Completely gone. The chair was pushed back in like no one had ever pulled it out. And this lady was gone. And I actually looked. I stopped, turned around, took a few steps to my left and my right to look. This woman was gone. I don't know. I have no idea where she went. The only way back out was the doors that we came back in. They make a very loud noise. I would have heard those open. Also, the front of the building is glass, so I would have seen her exit. I could see the outside. I could see the doors that we came in. This woman was gone. So I just got to my car as fast as I could. I got in the car, got out of my garage. I headed home. I didn't have no music. I kind of drove in silence, just trying to wonder what. What just happened? And I wasn't that freaked out until I kept thinking about it and something popped in my head. And I remembered that when I first walked up and I saw this lady, she was going through that purse, and I assumed she was looking for her badge. I do not remember seeing that purse again. Not when I opened the door for her those two times, or when I looked back to see her. When she pulled out the chair, it was. I can't remember seeing it again. It was the weirdest thing that ever happened to me. I don't know. Maybe you can have an explanation for this. I know Detroit does not have a lot of stories and whatnot. I've listened all the way through from season one all the way up to the hometown Legends of Season seven, Part two. And I've only heard a few calls from Michigan, period. I don't think I've heard any from Detroit. So I don't know if there are any more listeners with experience in Detroit, but this was weird.
