---
title: "Shadow Man in Bedroom With Sleep Paralysis"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-15
timestamp_start: 712.8
timestamp_end: 1007.4
timestamp_display: "11:52 - 16:47"
caller: "Edward from Texas"
type: "shadow_person"
location: "Texas"
source_lines: "26-26"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker F] Hi, this is Edward calling from Texas. I've been listening to a lot of people talk about the Shadow man and I decided to tell my story. Now this happened in 2019 or 2020, give or take, because me and my wife were dating around that time. Now we were hanging out that night and I had to go to work the next morning. So she went home and I went to bed. And at this time I had a tendency to watch and listen to TV before going to bed or in order to fall asleep. And I was watching one of my comfort shows so I know what happens and what's going to happen, which that kind of plays a role in this story. And I'm listening to it, watching it and I must have dozed off. And then while I was sleep I heard someone talking outside. So I woke up and I have this thing to when I wake up, like my brain won't let me go back to sleep until I check the front doors to make sure they're locked. I got up, I went to the front door, I locked both locks and I double checked. I locked both locks and I went back in my room. Something told me to lock my room door. I have no idea why, I've never done this, but I lock my room door also. I don't know why. And I went back and I laid back down and I started watching TV until I dozed off. And I'm Watching tv and I hear my front door doorknob twist. And I was like, no, that's impossible. I locked both locks and the door opened. And at this point I'm just like, no, this can't be real. My mind is playing tricks on me. You know, scary movie philosophy. I ignored it because I think my mind is playing tricks on me. I continue to watch my show and I'm laying down and all of a sudden I cannot move. I physically cannot move. I can only see, hear and blink at this point. And my TV is still on. I can hear it, I can see it. And the show is going in chronological order the way it's supposed to. And then all of a sudden my room door is just open. And I'm thinking, no, it's impossible. I locked my room door. I know for sure that I locked my room door. And my room door opens. And all of a sudden this big, tall, darker than dark, my room is dark. But you can still see the outline form of this figure. It was maybe six and a half feet tall and it walked in my room. At this point, my heart just starts jumping, like rapidly, just beeping fast. And this figure walked in front of my tv. And as it walked in front of my tv, my tv, I'm not able to see it anymore. So, meaning, like this figure is solid because I can't see my tv, but I can still hear it. And then it walked around my bed and it walked to where I was sleeping. And I still cannot move at this point. And this figure like hovers above me, like standing next to me, looking down at me while I'm just laying there and I'm not able to move. And this figure is above me and it leans down and it puts its face so close to my face that I can make out it's facial form. It's a face with no features. That's the best I can describe it. And all of a sudden I just shot up and I looked around, I had a tear in my eye. And my TV is still playing in the sequence it's supposed to be playing in. And all this happened in the form of maybe 35 seconds, 45 seconds, give or take, maybe even a minute. Because I know the show I was watching, I know what happened. And I just looked around. I shot out of my bed, I went to my front door, my front door was locked. And I came back in my room. And at this point I'm just too scared to go to sleep. But yeah, that's my story. Thanks for listening. And I love everything you do. I listen to your podcast. Going to work. Thank you so much.
