---
title: "Missing Time With Water Sensation in Nose"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 3731.4
timestamp_end: 3936.0
timestamp_display: "1:02:11 - 1:05:36"
caller: "Seven from Cookville, Tennessee"
type: "time_slip"
location: "Cookville, Tennessee"
source_lines: "45-45"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] Hey, Derek. My name is seven, just like the number. I'm calling from Cookville, Tennessee, which sits squarely between Nashville and Knoxville. For those not familiar, this story takes place around 1994, 1995. I was reminded of it having just listened to the latest episode that would make that season 11, episode 19, a gentleman called in about a missing time incident when he was a kid and I had something very, very similar happen to me. Basically standard description, I guess, of the experience. Went to bed around 9, 9:30, and within moments of closing my eyes, next thing I knew, my parents were waking me up. At first I thought they were trying to play some kind of joke on me, you know, because like I said, I had just closed my eyes and it went from, we'll say, 9:30, 10 o' clock to 6 o' clock the next morning. And as most kids are very difficult to wake up and rouse, like the last caller had mentioned, I don't imagine that I had slept for the entire night. Maybe I did, but that's not what it felt like. It was literally close my eyes, next thing I know, it's first thing in the morning and waking up. I don't remember observing anything out of the ordinary. House we lived in was fairly mundane. There was no real experiences there outside of the ordinary. I know you had mentioned mirrored men for the last caller, and I don't recall looking out my window beforehand and witnessing anything. We lived out of town, but not in a unpopulated area. Just very sparse neighbors here and there. And that was the first instance I have of missing time. That was the longest length of time. And I will note for that story, when my parents woke me up, it was obviously the next morning. I remember feeling specifically like the left side of my nose down to my throat had had water poured down it. And in fact, I remember asking my parents if they had tried playing a prank on me in my sleep by pouring water in my face. Because that's exactly what it felt like. Like you had dove into a pool without plugging your nose and had water shoot up just to one side. Whether or not that has anything to do with missing time, I'm not sure, but it seems like a strange coincidence regardless. Now, a few years after that, I did suffer from pretty severe insomnia. I don't know that anything really led up to those events. It was just, according to my doctors, it's just a teenage thing. And I had really, like I said, forgot all about until that last phone call. And I was also reminded of our last place my wife and I had rented was a house, which always put her at unease. And I myself never thought anything was particularly spooky about the house. But I did have shorter instances of missing time there where I would just be going about doing whatever it was I was doing and all of a sudden everything would jump ahead 30, 40 minutes. And this is not just staring at your phone, losing track of time. This would be me reading something, looking at my clock, setting my book down and then looking back at my clock and all of a sudden I've jumped forward that length of time. Anyways, that was the first one that came to memory. Just want to call and share. I've got a few more hidden in the back of my brain as soon as I can remember them. Thanks and keep up the great show. Man.
