---
title: "Absorbed Twin Haunting Throughout Life"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 2075.1
timestamp_end: 2637.7
timestamp_display: "34:35 - 43:57"
caller: "Emily from Wichita, Kansas"
type: "ghost"
location: "Wichita, Kansas"
source_lines: "29-29"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker H] Hi Derek, My name is Emily. I'm from Wichita, Kansas and I'm 16 years old. So I want to talk about my sort of lifelong paranormal experience. So when I was younger, we used to live in this small one story house. And it was just me, my mom, my sister and my dad and then our dog. And so how it started was when I was in kindergarten, I, you know, we were told to draw a picture of our family. So I drew a house and had my mom, my dad, me, my sister and our dog in it. And then under the house I drew this big black mass with a person in it. And when my teacher asked me about it, I said, oh, that's my little, that's my brother. He lives in the well under the house. So of course my parents got called and I swear this is important later on to what I think my explanation for it is. So my dad is in. He would get up for work before all of us. This was probably when I was about 8 or 9 in the same house. And so he's sitting in the kitchen. And from the kitchen table, if you look to your left, you could see into the hallway. On one side of the hallway, closest to the kitchen was mine, my sister's bedroom. Then on the other in the hallway was their bedroom where my mom was sleeping. And out of the corner of my eye, out of the corner of his eye, my dad sees a little kid, a little blonde kid walk past the doorway. And he thought it was me. So he goes to make sure that I got tucked in the bed because he thought I went to lay with mom. So he goes, he opens the door, not in there. He looks in the living room, not in there. Bathroom, not in there. And the computer room, not in there. Which are all the rooms that you pass to get to their bedroom. So he goes to see if I was in my bed and I was then there always. Then I just would always experience small things happening, like things moving. My Barbie dolls would go missing. Me and my friends would see someone standing in our tree house, which was probably about 30ft off of the ground. It was pretty high up in this tree. And to get to that you had to go through our backyard. So we would notice somebody was up there, but we would see somebody standing in our tree house. Then Once I got older and I moved, because I always associated these with that house. Then once I got older and my parents got divorced and I got. My mom got remarried and we moved in with her. At the time boyfriend, and my dad was living in an apartment, things kept happening. It would just be small things, like things moving around my room. And then I would always have that feeling of somebody watching me and that shadow in the corner. Then in 2014, in June, my little brother was born. And then it just escalated. All my experiences. I would see a mass go by like this or go by like right in front of my eyes. And I'd look around, there'd be nobody else there. And I would see. Sometimes I'd see like little orbs of light and just mist moving around. And then I kind of started to get the thought that this was my brother, not my newborn little brother. But when my mom found out she was pregnant with me, she found out she was pregnant with twins. And my brother, what I think was a boy, that he was too young to tell the gender, died. And then fetal absorption happened. So since I was a stronger twin, my body, my body absorbed his fetus. So I started to think that maybe that was it, that maybe my brother was haunting me because he was attached to me, because his body was attached to me. And I thought that was maybe a theory. I was like, oh, well, it could just be something attached to me anyways. But that's always just. That's just kind of been my theory of it. But then what really got me thinking that this was, it was I have. In my bedroom, I have a shelf and I have a picture of my dad and a picture of my little brother. Both of the pictures are the exact same picture frame, the same way. They're setting the same way. So if one falls, you think the other would fall. But the picture of my little brother one day while I was just sitting on my bed, just flew off of that shelf and hit the wall across the room, which was probably. It's about a 10 foot gap. It just flew across the room and hit the wall. And that freaked me out so much. And then once I really went. Once I went over to see what picture it was, it was my brother, my baby brother. So I put it back up in multiple times that picture has moved. And then some of my experiences are a lot of them are small and it's just kind of like things a brother would do. Like, he'll, like I'll feel something like messing with my ear, and it won't be my Hair touching or anything. It feels like someone's just like pushing on my ear or something or someone's tapping on my shoulder. Just small things that I would associate with sibling doing to annoy you. And then this is what I thought was really significant is it was probably about 6:50 in the morning and I was walking over to our front door so I could grab my car keys because I was getting ready to go to school. But I was looking down and watching a video on my phone. And this white mist flies over my phone screen into my abdomen, like about right under my sternum. And went straight out of the microwave, turned around and I saw this black mass right behind me. And then it just disappeared. So that freaked me out a lot. So I just grabbed my teeth and like ran out of the house as quick as I could and left for school. Then later that night my dad told me that my grandpa, his dad had lymphoma and had a small tumor on the outside of his. One of his kidneys. And I didn't put the two together until one of my friends, until I told her about that, those two things, she was like, maybe he was telling you that. Or she made like at first she made a joke like, oh, someone's probably gonna. Someone's probably gonna die from like stomach pains or something, like making a joke about it. But then actually started thought like maybe he was telling me about that. See, where the mist went through was like right about where my kidneys are. So those are my main paranormal experiences with. I've associated with my brother. And then this is one more thing that I have always found weird. In our old house, my first house, the one that I drew like the picture of my brother on the well in. And my dad saw the little boy ghost or the little kid ghost. And me, my dad and my sister all had the same like dream or vision. I don't know what you'd call it. But our hallway was probably 15ft long. So it was a pretty long hallway. And whenever one of us we. It'd be dark out. And we always just have this vision that there were wolves passing back and forth, like with no space in between. There's all packed together and just walking back and forth. And then they would just. We could just walk right through them, which I've always thought was weird. And I didn't know about that until probably a few years ago. And we haven't lived in that house for probably 10 years now. So those were all my experiences and thought I'd share them with you and see what you thought about them. I love the podcast. Thank you so much for making it. I'm absolutely addicted to it. And yeah, I'll probably call back and tell you about some of my other experiences. Thanks. Bye.
