---
title: "Haunted Trailer Park with Multiple Phenomena"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 1714.2
timestamp_end: 2032.8
timestamp_display: "28:34 - 33:52"
caller: "Kathy from Kerr County, Texas"
type: "haunting"
location: "Mountain Home, Texas"
source_lines: "54-54"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hey Derek, this is Kathy. I live in Kerr county in Texas. There's a little place called Mountain Home and I have crazy stories from a trailer park that I used to live in around the 90s. It was very weird. The whole trailer park was like haunted or something. I was sitting in my room one time and I put my ear next to the window and I could hear my friends talking. And so I would go out and talk to them and I couldn't find them. And then I would go back into my room and then I would hear them talking out my window again. And then I told my friends about it and they told me that they were at the front of the entrance of the trailer park. We had a little ditch where we used to hang out. And they said they were there, but I told them about what they were talking about and they were like, that's weird. Like, that's what we were talking about. And that was one case that had happened. And then one time, it reminded me of the movie the Poltergeist. My cousin, they lived in the trailer across from us. And my cousin would always end up outside at 3am and she was only 4 years old at the time. And my aunt was like, there's no way that she can get out. Like, we don't understand how she's getting out. Every night the neighbors would say that she would come over and knock on their doors and sound like she was in a trance. And she would be like, you know, can so and so come out and play? Can so and so come out and play? And they would be like, you know, it's too early for that. Like, it's 3:00am and they would grab her and then she would like faint. The first time it happened, they brought her to my aunt and my aunt was like, no, my daughter's in bed. And when she checked her room, she wasn't in there. And of course that was my cousin. And we were all freaking out. Like, how did she get outside? She was only four years old. And we asked her about it, and she said that my aunt had gotten her dressed and put her shoes on. And my aunt had a really big bay window and her kitchen table was by the bay window. And she said that they would get on top of the kitchen table and touch the window and it would ripple and she would walk outside. Her story never changed. She always said it exactly that way, and that really freaked us out. And then we started hearing things in the TV and like, giggles. And we'd see handprints when the TV wasn't on. And then when you take a shower, you'd feel like someone's watching you. And then the most freakiest thing that happened to us and we all saw it, was that my aunt, we would sometimes we'd go to the house. Like, you know, she lived right across the street from me, so. But if my dad wasn't home, I would go to her house. So I would knock on the door and I would always see my aunt. Like, anybody who knocked on the door said that they could see her. And she would hide. She would hide behind. She had like a little bar and she would hide behind the bar and we would always like, start screaming at her, like, open the door. Like, why are you hiding behind the bar? Like, we don't understand. And her best friend lived next door to her on the right side. And so we would always be like, okay, well, I guess I'll just go tell her friend. You know, maybe she can get her to open the door. Like, what's the deal? And every time we would go over to her house and knock on the door, my aunt would open the door at her friend's house. So she was never home. And she would always be at her friend's house. But we would all tell her that we would see her in the house. And that put shivers down, like, all of our spines. And one time my aunt said, oh, my God, you know, you look white, like you've seen a ghost. And we'd always tell her, like, yes, because we did. Like, you don't understand. Like. And so it happened and kept happening until, like, we moved, and finally it stopped. But that whole trailer park was haunted. Another time, I stayed at one of my friend's house, and somebody was rammaging in the fridge. It was late at night. I was the night at my friend's house, and I had to get up to go pee. And I remember someone digging around in the fridge. But when they looked at me, they didn't look like they were human. Well, they did. They looked human, but there was, like, a black aura, I guess you could say, around them. It just was weird. And they looked at me with a sinister smile. Like, they kept looking at me, trying to figure out if I saw them or not. And it really scared me because I knew that that person really wasn't there with that black aura around, and it scared me. And so I pretended like I didn't see them. And I went back to bed and pretended like I didn't see them. And I stayed in bed until the next morning. I don't think I ever even told my friend about it. It really creeped me out. The trailer park had a lot of scary things happen. A lot of my friends used to say stuff, too, about paranormal experiences if you go there. Now that trailer park is no longer a trailer park. It is a RV park, because nobody's going to stay there long term. And I kind of know why, so. But if you're in Texas and around the Kerr county area, you can maybe look it up. All right. Thanks, Derek. And I love your story. This show is awesome. And it helps me when I work at night because I work graveyard shift. So I love to sit here and listen to the stories all night while I'm doing my job. Keep up the great work. Bye.
