---
title: "Elongated Head Humanoids with Dark Eyes"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 308.0
timestamp_end: 784.7
timestamp_display: "5:07 - 13:04"
caller: "Bonnie"
type: "alien_encounter"
location: "Sacramento, California and Illinois"
source_lines: "18-18"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hi Derek, this is Bonnie. I called in a while back about the praying mantis story that I shared and I've got a few more stories that I'd like to share, but I'm gonna kind of try to stick to the theme of monsters for now. I grew up mostly on the west coast, kind of for my dad's job. We went between Seattle, Portland and Sacramento. And I had different experiences in each of those places. But this one I'm going to talk about happened when I was in high school in California, in the Sacramento area. It was in 1986 and I was at the time, I think a senior in high school and I was doing a work program where I would go for part of my day to work in a preschool. And this particular day, excuse me, the preschool group was going on a field trip to the zoo and I was riding along with a mom and her four year old daughter going down the freeway and you know, we were chitter chattering, just you know, talking about things as we drove along and the little girl was in the back seat and just kind of riding along listening. And we came to a lull in the conversation and I was just was looking out the passenger side window. We were in the left lane so cars were on our right. And I heard the little girl behind me kind of make this little sucking in gasping sound like just a quick. And I was looking out the window and at the same time that she gasped. This all happened so quickly. The drivers window and the car next to us came into my view and I saw something that I can't explain. There was, I'm pretty sure it was a Gentleman driving the car. But he didn't look right. His head, his. I was looking at his profile and his head was kind of elongated, like tall and what I would maybe describe as a small elongated watermelon. And his coloring was really, really weird. It was very mobile, kind of bluish, pinkish and very, very pale skin. And he had a few little spriggles of hair. And I just, you know, noticed this in a split second and I felt like I wanted to gasp to too. And as quickly as I noticed him and just kind of stared for a brief second, he slowly turned his head to the left towards me and we made eye contact. And when I saw his eyes, you know, as fast as I could think, I just thought, oh, this poor guy's been in a fire. Or, you know, he was, he has a deformity. But when we made eye contact, I noticed that his eyes were very dark and almost sunken into his face. And I wouldn't say all black, it's hard for me to remember, but very, very dark and almost hollow. And as soon as we made eye contact, I jerked my head away like, you know, don't stare at special needs people. And then the car proceeded to pass us and go on. And I contemplated saying something out loud to the woman that was driving, but I felt way too embarrassed and sheepish to even try to explain or admit that I had stared at this strange sight. And I realized too that it was very weird that the little girl didn't say anything out loud either. Because I've worked with kids my whole life and I have five kids. And I know that kids don't normally hold back. They usually blurt out, mommy, what's wrong with that man? Or, you know, they just don't hold back, especially if they see something strange or scary. So of course, I've never made sense of what that was. But now I'm going to fast forward to when I lived in Illinois. I moved to Illinois when I was about 30, and that was kind of when paranormal things seemed to kind of explode in my life. And I had a lot of things happen there. But this is kind of part two of the strange figure. Probably about six years ago, I was in one of the. Well, heading towards one of the big boxes, you know, sale stores. And my husband and I had gotten there a little bit early before they opened. So there were little clusters of people waiting for the front doors to open to get inside the store. And I happened to notice that in a small group in front of us, there was a woman who, as I was you know, just kind of looking around, I noticed that she had, you know, some kind of disfigurement. Her, the back of her head was kind of longer and that same kind of mottled coloring. And she had more hair. It was longer, but it was kind of that thin, sprigly, you know, just little sprinkles of hair. And I wasn't meaning to stare at the back of her head. She was probably six feet in front of me and just kind of, you know, not thinking and just looking forward and like, oh, gosh, that poor woman. She probably has, you know, people stare at her all the time. And as I was just this, you know, again, this happened in a few seconds. She slowly turned around and made direct eye contact with me. And the reason it really frightened me is because she had dark, shadowy, hollow, sunken eyes. I don't know why other people weren't staring. The weird thing after this was she turned around, made the eye contact. I jerked my head away and, you know, looked in another direction and kind of worked our way as the store doors opened. And right away I remembered what I had seen in California. And I was. As soon as we got in the doors, I started to kind of look around to, you know, get a second look to confirm what I had seen seen. And all the little clusters of people were still towards the front part of the store, but that woman was no longer in the group. Like, I really, really searched each face in the group and she wasn't there. And I thought to myself, how fast could a disabled woman really, you know, sprint ahead of all of us? Like, I really should have been able to see her if she was there, but she seemed to have either, you know, gone ahead very, very quickly or vanished. So the weird thing is I'm going to say that both times, both people seem to know that I was looking and thinking. So I don't know if they were monsters. I've asked a few people what they think, and everybody pretty much is like, that's just really weird. So I don't know what it is. I hope I never, never see it again. It just was probably as far as, like a dark thing that I've seen that is definitely in the top two or three. So, anyway, I thought that you would like to hear that story, and I still love the podcast, and I will listen forever and ever. Okay, thanks.
