---
title: "Giant Black Cat Encounter in Ireland"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-06
timestamp_start: 662.3
timestamp_end: 906.9
timestamp_display: "11:02 - 15:06"
caller: "Gabe from Ireland"
type: "cryptid"
location: "Ireland"
source_lines: "10-10"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker E] Hi, Doug, my name's Gabe, calling from Ireland. So it was September, October time, around 2003. It was a cool, dry evening. It was winter, so it was quite dark early here. So I was out with some friends heading home about 8:30pm and we just moved into a new house, new development area. And to get a shortcut home, I used to cut through the storage area where they used to store all the diggers and stuff and equipment at nighttime. And as I was walking through, it was just quiet. And I got this eerie feeling, dread and fear. I didn't know what it was, so I continued to walk on. So nearly home, I turned the corner, kicking stones, and as I looked up, there was this huge cat standing about 20ft away, extremely still, just staring at me. This thing was huge, huge for a cat. It was about the size of a collie, sleek, black, the biggest green, round eyes. In the dark, they were like lanterns, just piercing, just straight forward. It looked about 50 kilos, maybe about 2 meters from nose to tail. It didn't make any noise. It lowered itself down slightly. One left paw was just ahead. It almost looked like it was about to pounce. And I was absolutely terrified. I thought, don't run. If I run, it could chase. So I stood tall. I roared at it, I stamped the ground. This thing didn't budge. It started to take slow steps forward, so I decided to go backwards, start to step off slowly. And I seen the fences of the houses. So I thought, I'm gonna make a break for the fences and hope it doesn't come after me. So I went back about three steps slowly and ran for the fence and hopped the fences, ran straight through my back door, shouting at my mum and dad like, there's this huge cat outside chasing me. And they Were like, why is up, Gabe? You're full of rubbish. Like, what were you smoking? So no one believed me. This really, really annoyed me. No one believed me. I know this sounds bizarre. We live in Ireland. There's nothing bigger than a badger, domestically wild. So I was sitting at home doing my homework one night, it was about seven days later, and the area where they keep the diggers, they have security guards at night. And he come running out screaming from his hut that there was a large cat. And I was like, mom, I told you. He witnessed the cat, he said, huge. It was really a dog that was eating his lunch at his back, he said. So I decided, then after telling the story to my wife and stuff, we decided to research it. And the stuff we found online was insane. Around that time, about three months before, there was two large cats, a panther and a puma, released about 70 kilometers from my hometown in a town called Bush Knolls. They were killing livestock, pets. The government were called in. The USPCA had managed to track these animals till a small town called Ballybogee. But the animals got away. So these animals then obviously moved south towards my area. I live near the Mourn Mountains and stuff. You can search them online. Huge forested areas. There's loads of documents online. There's a site called blatherdebt.net, where people have reported them. The PSNI, the Police Service of Northern Ireland, from 2009 in the Freedom of Information Act. There is so many documented cases of the large puma and panther esque cats in our area and they're still being sighted today. As I said, when I moved in this area, our home was a new build. On our local paper, there was the front page when the men lay concrete. A large cat had walked through the concrete and left a pipe print. It was in the dying Democrat, so everybody says it. Love the podcast. Thank you very much. Cheers, Derek.
