---
title: "Ghostly Intruder Wife Dismisses"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-06
timestamp_start: 1316.4
timestamp_end: 1510.5
timestamp_display: "21:56 - 25:10"
caller: "Anonymous from Scotland"
type: "ghost"
location: "Edinburgh, Scotland"
source_lines: "14-14"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker F] Hiya. I've been threatening to do this for a while, so here we go. Hopefully you can understand what I'm saying. I met my wife at school when she was 17 and I was 18. We had been together for about nine months and we were going to have our first trip away as a couple. We were going a drive to Blackpool from Edinburgh. It's about three or four hours drive. We were going away for the weekend and to make things easy, my wife girlfriend at the time stayed over at mine for the first time. Normally I would stay at hers. And nothing strange had ever happened before. Well, we went to bed early as we needed to leave the house. About 4am in order a drive down, we were awoken by a very distinct knock on the door. Like a king day, you know, the sort of classic noise. And that was about 1:00am Figuring it was someone at the wrong door, I just ignored it. When it happened for a second time, my girlfriend suggested I answer it in case it was an emergency or like parents or something. I told her I'd just leave it. And the knock happened for a third time, quickly followed by a loud bang. It sounded like the front door opening. You know how you know what your door sounds like. We counted the footsteps up the stairs to the top landing. I was sure someone was in the house. I watched as the handle on the door moved and the door swung open and there was no one there. No further footsteps were heard. I searched the entire house for the intruder. I'm sure that was there, but found no one. The front door was closed and locked. The street was deserted. I even went out in the street and walked up and down to see if there was anybody there. I thought it might have just been a drunk person or something, but nobody there at all. I went back up to bed to check on my girlfriend Haley and she was fine, all cuddled up and half asleep. I couldn't understand how she could be so calm when we both clearly heard something come into the house and into her room. She laughed at me and told me to come back to bed as there was no one to find. I kinda argued that there must be someone somewhere and she needed to help me look. She sat up in the bed and said she would deal with it. I'm like, what do you mean deal with it? So she patted the beds next to her for me to sit down and when I did, she said, very funny. You got him. It's nice of you to visit, but this isn't our house so you need to go home and I'll be back in a few days. With that, the bedroom door closed. We carried the footsteps back down the hall the stairs, heard the front door bang and the distinct knock on the front door again. My girlfriend Hayley looked at me, smiled, and said, see, I told you there wasn't an intruder. She cuddled back in and was asleep in minutes the remainder of the night, not knowing what the hell had just happened. And that's what life is like with my creepy wife. She'll do it by.
