---
title: "Whispered Name in Haunted Movie Theater Projection Booth"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 291.3
timestamp_end: 756.9
timestamp_display: "4:51 - 12:36"
caller: "Josh from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania"
type: "ghost"
location: "Homestead, Pennsylvania"
source_lines: "5-5"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] Hi Derek, my name's Josh and I'm calling you from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. My story takes place at this place called the Waterfront. It's in Homestead, Pennsylvania. And just to give you a little background on what the Waterfront is, right now it's like an outdoor shopping area. I call it a shopping mall because everything's spread out. But there's a movie theater, restaurants, stores, anything you could want, you can basically get down there. However, in 1892 it was the site of the Homestead Steelworks, which was owned by Andrew Carnegie. And in that year there was a big dispute between Andrew Carnegie and the steel workers. The steel workers wanted to unionize, Carnegie wanted to fight it. And there was a big labor dispute which was happened to be one of the most violent in U.S. history. I believe they say about 10, 10 to 12 people lost their lives and multiple more were injured. I could be wrong about the exact numbers, but nonetheless it was a violent, bloody scene down there. So I used to work at the movie theater at the Waterfront. I worked in projection for about four years. I worked there for about eight. It was a good job to have. When I was in college, they worked schedule and I enjoyed my time there. When I was in projection, we had 22 screens in this, in the theater there were 11 on each side of the building which were referenced high side and low side. Low side had screens one through 11 and High side had screens 12 through 22. Now when you walked into either side of the projection booth, the first thing you would notice were two sets of staircases on either side of the room would lead to projectors 2 and 10 or 13 and 21, depending on which side you were on. And then there were. You would see a desk followed by a long hallway where all the other projectors were. Usually I worked on low side because my boss liked high side. There was no camera for where our GM could see us. He could do what he pleased and, and all that, but that's whatever. One night I was working alone I was closing and I was waiting for all the projectors to finish up all the movies to so I could shut the projectors off and go home. So it was about 1 o' clock in the morning. All of the projectors were over except for number 13. Now, like I said, you would walk into booth and you would see two sets of staircases, one leading to 13, one to 21. So I had all my. My personal belongings with me over there. You know, I had a bag where I carry my homework and other books in. So I was waiting on 13 to end the one night. And I decided I was gonna sit on the steps and read my book. I was reading Game of Thrones, not Matters, but. So I was sitting there reading and all of a sudden I felt like I was being watched. You know that feeling of dread when someone's being. You're being watched, but you can't tell where you're being watched from? That's how I felt. And then I had the feeling that I was being watched from 21, as if someone was leaning on the railing and watching. So I looked up and there was nothing there. So I thought, you know what, Josh? You're scaring yourself. Just go back to your book. Started reading my book. And a few minutes later, I got the same feeling. And I looked up. Still nothing. So I went back to reading. And this time I heard something whisper, Josh, at this point, I jumped up and ran out of the projection booth. I was so scared. I've never been that scared in my life. There was nothing there. Nothing. Nothing that could have been watching me, whispering, nothing. The radio that I had on had been silent for hours. And even if it were something on the radio, I would have heard it click on first. So it wasn't my radio. I know what people will say. They'll say, oh, the EMF given off by all the electronics in that area. I was just messing with you. You scared yourself. I don't buy that for a second. Because I'd worked there for. I was probably in booth probably about two years at this point, and, you know, working late nights on low side, nothing ever happened. You know, I never felt this sense of dread. Nothing. I could sit there and do homework, read a book, anything, and nothing would ever bother me. But anytime I would walk into high side after this, this event, I just felt this sense of fear wash over me. Now, this movie theater was about 20 minutes from where all my friends and I lived. So they would. They would come down frequently. And one night they were. They would. I brought them into booth after their movie was over and we're walking, they walked in and they almost stopped dead. They said, you know, we can feel it. There's something here with you. And after they told me that, I told them my story about being watched and my name being whispered. And they were just totally creeped out, but they still wanted to walk up and down the hallway. So I took them down the hallway to where Projector 15 sits. It's at the very end of the hall. And usually there's no real temperature fluctuations. At this point, we still had 35 millimeter film. So the humidity needs to be monitored closely so the film doesn't stick, because if the film sticks, it causes problems. But it was very cold by number 15, and they just, you know, they. They could feel whatever was always there watching me. They could feel it at this point. They were very spiritual people. They would go to church every Sunday, you know, and they. They said a little, you know, whatever's here, please don't harm our friend. He means you no harm. He's just doing his job. I'd love to say from that point on, nothing ever happened. But another night, I was sitting there at the desk, and it was probably about 6, 7:30 in the evening. So there's a lot of people there. There's a restaurant where the employees will come in and out of the booth. Nobody came in. You could hear the doors open when they would open, when someone would come through. Nobody came in. And I got up to turn around and start a projector, and the second I stood up, I heard this loud bang as if something had either slammed or kicked the desk I was sitting at. I turned around and there was nobody there. So I got on the radio, I called my boss and said, hey, were you just over here? He said, no, I've been on side. I haven't gone anywhere. I don't know what it was that kicked or slammed something on that desk, but that creeped me out for the rest of the night to the point where I had to have my boss switch sides with me. I never felt comfortable on high side after that. But, yeah, I don't know what it was. I don't know if it was the spirit of a spirit steel worker letting me know it was there or. Or what. But there was something in that building, and I'm glad I don't have to work in there anymore. But, yeah, that's. That's my story. Keep up the good work on the podcast. Thank you.
