---
title: "Black Humanoid Figure Charges During Hide and Seek"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 826.3
timestamp_end: 1269.7
timestamp_display: "13:46 - 21:09"
caller: "Koda from California"
type: "shadow_person"
location: "Nipomo, California"
source_lines: "21-21"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker E] Hey there again. So I actually thought of another story. This is Coda again, in California. This happened years and years ago when I was just a little teenage brat. And essentially what happened is me and my friends and everybody, we were done with basically middle school, ready to move on to high school. I got invited to a party so everybody can celebrate and, you know, kind of just let off some steam the next day. And it was fun. Went over there, had a good time. Lots of people, parents and everybody were there. Really nice, nice party. So as time passed, sun went down. I thought the party was pretty much at an end at that point, but it really wasn't. I guess it was just kind of getting started. So the parents were completely open for the kids having a fun night. So what they did is they decided to start a hide and go seek thing in the dark, which for me was really fun. As a kid, I thought that was kind of a really awesome idea. You know, what better way to play hide and seek than in the dark and get your journal in Russian, somebody scaring you half to death. The other cool thing was that the party was at a friend's house of mine in this little small town called Nipomo. And there's just groves and orange trees and everything that you can think of out there. And they had a huge field with just all kinds of lemons and other various, you know, whatever around there. And that was the area, and they're essentially their backyard. And there was a creek with a little river that went right there, right through it at the time. There was water through it at least anyway. But we all basically gathered around in the middle of the field, laid out the rules for the game, and then split up into groups, just went and hit. So what we did is me, my friend Chris, and the guy who was actually throwing the party and another buddy of mine named Fletcher were all just kind of running towards the outskirts of their property where there's this tree line, barbed wire fence. And the guy who was throwing the party was telling me, oh, don't worry, nobody lives around there. Nobody lives near us for, you know, at least a mile or so. I was like, okay, well, no worries then. And again, this was at night. Clear sky, nothing. No wind, no rain, no nothing. We were hiding, and we were in an area where it was really, really dark. Their field every so often had a light here and there. So at least you can kind of see where, you know, you needed to go if you could go back to the house or if you could go to, like, the shed or where their stuff is. But we were in an area where there was absolutely no light, save for, like, this very faint pole that was just a couple yards away that barely shown the light behind us, but not on us. So I was able to see the tree line, and then that was it. You know, obviously you couldn't see in it. There's nothing in there. So we're looking around, trying to be quiet, giggling, being kids, because, you know, we don't want to get caught. And we were thinking, well, let's just scare somebody if they find us. And then we'll make a run for it, and then they'll have to, you know, basically try to find us again. So I go along with it. I say, okay. So I keep an eye out, see who's going to be coming. We don't hear anybody. My buddy Chris taps me on the shoulder and he's like, what's that? And I look and I say, what's what? And he's pointing to the tree line, and I don't see anything. I'm just like, I don't see anything at all. What are you talking about? Exactly. He's all, there's something there in the tree line. So I take a look again, and I'm just like, I don't see anything here or there. And he points at it and he's all right, there. And then I see it, this outline of this figure, this Human shaped figure that's kind of standing there. And it kind of made me panic for a moment because I was like, whoa, wait, what the heck is that? Maybe it's somebody else at the party hiding over there. So we take a few steps closer to kind of see if we can see it a little better. And then it crouches down and that pretty much scared us immediately. So we tell our other two friends that are with us what's going on, and they kind of ignore us saying like, oh, you know, whatever, people are coming, we need to basically get ready to scare them and yada yada. So my friend Chris decides to walk a little closer to whatever it is. And then that's pretty much when the panic ensued. Because the moment that Chris decided to take a couple steps closer because he was really curious about whatever this thing was, it lunged and started running towards us. This thing had a humanoid silhouette and once the light hit was still black. We to this day. And I haven't seen these guys in years because obviously we're grown ups and moved on and everything. But when I was still talking to them, we brought it up every now and then, but nobody really wanted to talk about it because it scared them that bad. This black thing just started running towards us. First I panic, then Chris panics. The other two guys that were with us didn't really know what we were panicking about. All we did was tell them run. And we did. I mean, we ran. We ran so hard that we ran past so many people that were at the party back to the house and we told everybody about what happened. Obviously nobody believed us. They thought it was just somebody else at the party screwing with us, which, I mean, it could have happened. But the thing is that some of the dads are saying nobody was out there except us and they didn't even know we were out there. But I mean, who's to say that anybody else at the party was? I don't know. Now I'm 35 years old, years and years down the road, I start learning about all this folklore in the area here. The Charman, the Ojai vampire, the foothills. But the shadow people and shadow people. I know people see shadow people here and there, whether it's sleep paralysis or they just think they see a shadow person or whatever. But this is kind of an old legend of these shadow people that live in the foothills and just watch people. And after that incident, it made me think, did we actually stumble upon one of those shadow people? It's really hard to say. This happened a long time ago, and Even though I'm 35 and I was probably like 15 or whatever at the time, I can still remember exactly what happened in my head that night and it was pretty terrifying. But anyway, that's my story. Thanks for listening.
