---
title: "Angry Shadow Man at Bedroom Door After Murder Suicide"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 2410.1
timestamp_end: 3068.8
timestamp_display: "40:10 - 51:08"
caller: "Jackie from California"
type: "shadow_person"
location: "California"
source_lines: "38-40"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker D] Hi Derek, My name is Jackie and I come from California, born and raised. I've been listening to your podcast, gosh, for maybe about seven, eight months. My son turned me on to your podcast and I've been binging on it ever since. I typically like the paranormal stories simply because that's where the bulk of my experience lies as a child and even to today. The one story that I wanted to call happened recently, maybe three years ago. I had recently gotten a divorce, moved into a condo and stayed there for about a year. And I befriended a neighbor lady who was very kind, but she ended up being a little obsessive with the whole new neighbor, new friend thing. So at any rate, I moved in, realized that this neighbor lady was just a little too high energy. She just really wanted to get to know me in terms of where I came from. Just a lot of information. And during that time I just really wanted just some time alone, just alone. My thoughts, going through a lot of emotions and just didn't really want to have someone poking in my business. So I pulled back and just really stopped communicating with her. And at night I would go to bed and at the condo at the time it was just me and my dog and I would shut down the condo, go to bed. And for about the first six months, as I'm dozing off to sleep and sometimes just getting up in the middle of the night, I would look at the doorway to my bedroom. And for the first six months I would see this image almost like a shadow. And I have to say it was a shadow of a man who would be standing at my doorway. I knew it was there, but I knew it wasn't a physical person, so it didn't startle me. Don't ask me how I could differentiate the two. I don't know. Again, I just had a lot of emotions going on at the time, but I would see it there. And I've seen shadow people before, but this one that details the shadow, I could say that it was always the same. It was standing almost as if. Oh, you ever see two, two people who are about to get into a fight, they almost like puff up, you know, their arms kind of extend to the side, their chest protrudes even more and they almost have this. Their upper torso kind of pushes out a little bit more towards the front, almost make themselves look bigger, I guess. I. I don't know. I've never been in a fight, so this is what I've noticed. So it was almost that stance of the shadow man had just almost what I call bucking up. To me, maybe, I don't know, but it was always the same stance. He's very broad shouldered and I can sense that there was a lot of anger. So I don't know what he was angry at, but for about six months, not consistently, but throughout the six months he would randomly show up and it was always the same. The same doorway, the same body shape, the same, you know, almost arm sticking out, like he's going to fight someone. And anyways, I just learned to ignore it. I went to bed, I could see him standing at the doorway and I look and stare and see the image and I would somehow just fall asleep.

[Speaker C] So.

[Speaker D] And that happened throughout the six months and I just lived with. It just became my norm. Well, the last part of my six months while I lived in this condo, it stopped. Or at least I didn't notice it. And I was getting ready to move out. They were selling the condo and I found another place. So I remember. And I hadn't talked to this neighbor lady for the, you know, majority of the time. And so I remember having boxes in the back of my truck and I had parked into my little carport and I was taking my boxes out to put them into my garage. And where the carport was, there were some mailboxes, you know, community mailbox. So I heard someone say, hi, Jackie. And I turned and it's that neighbor lady who I hadn't spoken to in months. And I said, hi. And she said, are you moving out? And I said, yes, I will be moving out soon. And she said, well, it's good that you'll. You're moving out. And I thought, oh, well, okay, whatever. And then she said, we've all been so worried about you and your dog. And I said, what? And she said, we've all been really worried about you and your dog and it's good that you are leaving. It's good that you, you're not going to be here anymore. And I said, what are you talking about? She was very dramatic and I was trying to get her to get to the point. So eventually she says, you haven't heard? And I said, heard what? What is happening? And my dog would be home alone while I worked. So I was concerned that someone was bothering her. And she said, you don't know? And I said, I don't know. What are you talking About. And she said well, there was a murder suicide. And I said in this complex? She said yes. And I said where? And she looked at me in this way that she wanted to say it was my condo, but she didn't. And so I picked up on that and I said did it happen in the condo that I'm living in? And she said yes. And then immediately I thought about the shadow man and I said, you know, for the first six months that I lived in this place there would be a man standing, a shadow man standing at my doorway and I could pick up that he was really angry. I said what happened? And no, I didn't know, I had no idea. She said, well you can look it up on the Internet. I just don't need to do that and I never have. I don't want to know. I said what happened? So basically it went like this previous. I don't know if they're owners or tenants. I think they were owners. So the girl who owned it started dating this guy. So they became boyfriend girlfriends. She invites the boyfriend to move in with her and they live together. Well then the boyfriend starts to cheat on her. So the girlfriend kicks him out. Well, there's a sliding glass door in the master bedroom. He snuck in and killed her and killed himself in the bedroom in my bedroom that I stayed in. And apparently the way I set up my bedroom was the same way she set up her bedroom. And when I explained it to her that that's what I had been experiencing, she said what did he look like? And I said I don't know. I couldn't pick up details on his face or anything but I just said he was a very broad shouldered man and he was really, really angry. She asked me what he looked like and I said he. I couldn't pick up detail but I could tell he was very broad shoulder man. He seemed very wide up on the shoulder part. And she said that the boyfriend was a construction worker and that would expend. She goes, and he was very broad shouldered. And she asked did he do anything? Did he say anything? And I said no. He just stared at me from the doorway, really, really angry. That's what I was picking up. He was very angry. So I, I couldn't stay there alone anymore. I would try to find anyone to spend the night with me until was time for me to move out. Didn't see it for the past, for the last six months that I can remember but just the fact that I knew that there was a murder suicide in my place. Nobody told me I've told other friends, they looked it up and they knew it was true. There was articles about creeped me out and I moved out and got a new place and found out that there were no deaths, murders, suicides, nothing in my new place. So it was an interesting experience, one that I would never want to relive, but it was just one of the most recent experiences that I've had that pretty that at the time I thought it was just honestly with the divorce that's happening I thought it was just me with my emotions up and down. It was a rough time and I thought it was just me and come to find out that there was some, there was some reality behind it so it was a little hard to accept. But anyways that was my experience just a few years ago and wanted to share that with you and if anyone else had an experience experience like that, I'd sure like to hear about it. Anyways, thanks so much for your podcast. I enjoy it and keep up the good work.
