---
title: "Fire Alarm and Light Switches Activate Themselves"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 2015.1
timestamp_end: 2298.2
timestamp_display: "33:35 - 38:18"
caller: "Anonymous from Calgary, Alberta"
type: "poltergeist"
location: "Calgary, Alberta"
source_lines: "18-18"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hey there. I've just finished up season three here and I figured I'd finally give you guys a call. I had a weird incident when I was working in a nightclub. This nightclub is brand new. It was hopping it was the one to be at. It was built in 2013. That's when we opened up. This incident occurred in the wintertime. Now this bar was built on kind of a well known area to our city in Calgary, Alberta. Built on 17th Avenue and 14th Street Southwest. Prior to this place, it was a drug march that had burnt down. And years upon years, before I was even born, there was a train derailment type thing that happened directly at the bottom of that hill that I don't recall if somebody had died or not, but it was. It's a little historical. On that little corner, I've encountered everything from drug addicts to just regular drunks to the nicest people possible. This night it was probably a Wednesday or Thursday. It wasn't a very busy night. It was only me on staff for security. At the end of the night, it was just me, a bartender and the manager. We had finished up cleaning up everything. I have already done the walkthrough. I was sitting there having a beer. It was a 2% beer before I decided to take off. It was Astole's or something along those lines. And all of a sudden I heard a fire bell ring. It was just a one sting. I was like, wow, that was really weird. And being that I'm 6 foot 2, 265 pounds, I'm not really afraid of much. And I wasn't afraid of this. I just assumed that I might have missed somebody that was trying to startle me and the rest of the staff. So I ran up the stairs. And it was a brand new place to be. So I was just searching the ceilings, trying to see where the fire alarm was. Well, it just happened to be at the middle of the stairwell, about 10ft up in the air, where I couldn't reach it at all. I couldn't even jump to hit the thing. So I thought maybe it was just an error. You know, it's brand new building stuff can go wrong. Stuff doesn't have to function. But 10 minutes later, ding, ding, ding. I heard it three times. I'm like, wow, now somebody's just screwing with me. So I grabbed the bartender, I told him to go up the one set of stairs, I'd go up the other set of stairs and whatever's in the second floor, we'd corner them. But we didn't find nothing in there. We checked the kitchen. We went up to the rooftop patio that had been closed all day. Door was still locked and sealed. Nothing was up there. Come back downstairs, finish off the beer, and as we're about to leave, ding, ding, ding. Three more dings. We just left. We weren't screwing around with it. It was a little startling. A month or so later, it was a Tuesday night. Once again, it's me, a different store manager and a different bartender and we noticed that on the security cameras that the second floor lights have turned off once again. That's a little weird. That shouldn't be happening. So I, you know, run up the stairs and I'm like, what the hell? I don't see nobody. I checked all these things, and I do a little quick check. Nothing. Nothing's there at all. Go back downstairs. I'm like, that's really weird. Are those motions censored? And the manager is like, no, they shouldn't be. There's a light switch that you hid right at the top of the stairs. So we're watching it again, and there it goes again. Click, click, click, click, click, click. Lights on. Lights off. Lights on. Lights off. Now, I'm not panicking, but I'm like, who the hell is inside my bar? So I grab a radio and I run upstairs and I start searching everything. Now the manager and I are communicating back and forth to see what's going on. Where is it at? Do we see anybody? So he's telling me that he can see me walking around and he doesn't see nobody. So I flick the lights off, come back downstairs. By the time I get downstairs, he's like, radioing me something, clicking those lights off again. So I freak out. I run up the stairs. I've now got the bartender up the other set of stairs. So we're gonna corner whatever is pissing me off. Nothing. And I'm standing right by the light switches. I walk away. Lights turn on. Lights turn off. Lights turn on. Lights turn off. We all kind of just freaked out. And shortly after that, I left that bar and I didn't work there. Again, love the show. We'll continue to listen and hopefully hear this on the podcast. Have a great day.
