---
title: "Old Woman Ghost Watches Over Newborn Baby"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 3618.9
timestamp_end: 4028.7
timestamp_display: "1:00:18 - 1:07:08"
caller: "Kip from Western New York (wife's story)"
type: "ghost"
location: "Western New York"
source_lines: "41-41"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] Hi, Derek, this is Kip. I'm calling from the western New York State area. And I've got an amazing ghost story to tell you with a kind of surprising twist at the end. This is not my story. This is my wife's story. And this happened just before we started dating. So this would have been 2009 time plane. So my wife, she found this wonderful house that she bought, built in 1880, and she got a really good deal on the house because these two sons were selling it. Their mother had passed away. She was in her 90s. So she got this really lovely house. Property was enamored with it. Her sister, she had an older sister that just had a baby. So, oh, I'll come out and visit with you guys. And so sister came out with this newborn baby. And they stayed in the downstairs bedroom. And my wife was sleeping in an upstairs bedroom. And she said to the first night that they came, she could hear her sister saying something out loud in the middle of the night. She just couldn't tell what she was saying. And she just chalked it up to she's talking to the baby or something. Next morning, as soon as she gets up, her sister asks her, who is the old lady? She says, well, what do you mean? She's like, I woke up in the middle of the night and there was an old lady standing over my baby, and I had to tell her to get away. So off the bat, my wife suspecting that maybe this house is haunted, a few other things happen. My wife is sitting on the couch one day when she hears a loud thunk right behind her. And she looks back, and there's a floor lamp that is swaying back and forth. And it sounded like it just kind of got dropped. And my wife is an engineer. She's trying to figure out why would this be moving. She has two dogs and a cat, and they're all sitting right in front of her, not moving. She cannot figure out why this lamp behind her is moving. And it sounded like it was just dropped. Another thing that happened is my wife got up early one morning, went out to do some gardening. And while she's out in the yard, she can hear the smoke alarm going off in her house. So she immediately runs back in the house, figures out it's the smoke alarm in that same downstairs bedroom going off. The door was Shut. And when she opened the door, she said for a split second all she could see in the room was this white fog. And within a split second all the white fog disappeared and the smoke alarm went off. So my wife was like convinced. All right, so the house is haunted, but it's not anything bad, there's nothing evil. So you know, this is just kind of upsetting, but nothing horrible. So this is where the story kind of takes a twist. So she ends up talking to her neighbors finally and her neighbors said, oh, you know, it's really sad how Mrs. Such and Such passed away. And my wife's thinking, oh yeah, because you know, she was 90 years old, you know, upsetting. But the neighbors were like, no, no, she actually died in a fire on the property. My wife said, oh, I did not know that. The neighbors told the story. Middle of the night one night, they could see this red glow coming from over there and realize there's a giant fire going on at their neighbor's house. So the neighbors come running over and figure out the garage is on fire. And they run into the house to find the old lady. And they found some strange things when they came in the back door and went up some stairs. The lady's walker was abandoned on the first floor. And they quickly figure out she's not in the house anywhere. And they, they figure out that she must be in the garage. And sure enough, the fire department and the police come and they figure out that yes, she was in the garage and she's deceased. And they said that was really sad. This is where my wife starts piecing together the story that doesn't make a lot of sense. She's like, why did this 90 year old woman get up in the middle of the night, abandon her walker that she needs to get around, go down a flight of stairs, this back door that must have been opened. So when I was in the house, I was in my mid-20s, 6 foot 1, 200 pounds, and I had to put my hip on the wall to get this door open. It was not easy to open. So how does this nine year old woman open that? Go out into her garage, I don't know why, and get into her car. And then how does that make your garage catch on fire? And the more that we thought about the story, it makes more sense that she didn't do this, that she, somebody else did. We think that somebody broke into the house in the middle of the night, she got up to investigate and they essentially killed her and disposed of all the evidence in her car in the garage in a big fire. And it's morbid, but if you think about you wanted to kill someone better than someone 90 years old and dispose of all the evidence in a garage fire, and it probably will not be investigated, which is terrifying. My wife said. I didn't confirm this myself, but she tried to look up news stories about other elderly people deceasing in fires. And she said that she found a few stories in the past few years in the western New York State region, which is very upsetting. There's another kind of side story to the one I just left that I found was kind of funny. It was a debunking story of my own. So when I first met my wife, we were staying there at this haunted house. There was one night while we were going to bed, we were sleeping in that downstairs bedroom, you know, getting into bed, getting settled in. It's very quiet in the house. And after a few minutes, we hear this sound that goes something like a ball drop. And every 30 seconds or so, we could hear it again. Thump, thump, thump, thump, thump, thump, thump, thump. And it was coming from upstairs. So both of us look at each other, and our faces are white, and we are like, oh, God, what is that? And my wife says, go figure it out. I'm gonna go back to bed. So she throws the covers over herself and needs me to go up and figure out what this is. So I start my pants, pants, and I'm terrified and going upstairs with a flashlight, and I'm telling myself, if I see a ball just hovering in midair and dropping, I'm gonna start tripping balls. So I go upstairs and unfortunately figure out, no, there's not a ball hovering in the air. It's. There's a little trapdoor that kind of goes over an attic space, and there's enough wind outside at night that it wasn't latched. The wind was making a vacuum that was causing that door to shut. So I shut that, locked it, and changed my underwear and went back to bed. I just thought it was a good debunking story. Important to check stuff out and don't just assume it's going to be something supernatural. Needless to say, we fixed up the house and we got out of there as fast as we could and moved someplace else. So that's my story. It's wonderful story to me. It's haunting, and I believe it 100% because I believe what my wife says. I love the podcast. Keep up the great work. Talk to you later. Bye.
