---
title: "House Fire After Paranormal Activity and Smudging"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 2725.8
timestamp_end: 3024.6
timestamp_display: "45:25 - 50:24"
caller: "Alyssa from Texas"
type: "haunting"
location: "Texas"
source_lines: "14-14"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hi Derek, My name is Alyssa. I had called in earlier about some footprints or some footsteps that I had heard coming down the hall that really freaked me out. And, well, I told my dad that I had called in, you know, after talking to you or leaving. My story kind of like brought back a bunch of memories. And so I mentioned it to my dad, and I mentioned it to my sister and my grandpa. And after talking, we kind of came together and realized that there was maybe a little bit more to the story than just that one incident. My dad lives. I guess the story took place in Texas. Right now. I live in Oklahoma. But I asked him to look up the. Look up the address and see if he could drive by. And, you know, we tried to do some research and see if anything mysterious had happened in the house before, if there was any history on the house. And it was a pretty normal background. Couldn't find anything special about it. But we did find paperwork on a fire that happened. And I guess I had mostly blocked it out of my memory. But our house did catch fire while we lived there. We ended up having to have the whole house rebuilt pretty much because everything just got completely destroyed and we lost our cats that I had talked about in that fire, but we're not sure if it's related or not, but we had kind of talked about it. And I guess that had happened only a week after I had my experience and I talked to my grandpa and my mom kind of behind our back. A couple days before the house cat fire had actually called our priest from our local church and asked him to come to the house and do a smudging. I don't know. It's like a type of exorcism where they burn sage in the house to try and get rid of any evil spirits or spirits that are there. And my mom had been telling my grandpa that she kept feeling, like, handprints on, or not handprints, but like, hands touching her, little hands touching her. She kept having dreams about, like, a little boy or something. She never really told us about it, probably because she didn't really want to freak us out or, you know, encourage us to be more scared of being at the house. But it pushed her far enough to try and do that. And we had the house, I guess, catch fire not long after. And I guess it was such. It was such a surreal experience. I had kind of put it in the back of my mind. We all were like, oh, yeah, yeah, we remember that. But it kind of. I don't know. I guess I should probably be a little more skeptical of it. They told us at first that. And this is coming from my mom, and she explained to me as a Middle schooler. At first, she told us that they couldn't really find a source of the fire. And then towards the end of it, they just deduced that there was some sort of buildup in the dryer venture. So they claim that the source of the fire was from extra lint getting into the vent and it overheating and sparking from that point, and then just the fire carrying on through the house. But my sister did say that she had some weird dreams in the house, too. So I really don't remember much of living in the house. We lived there maybe for a year or so, and then I moved out after we had gotten moved back in, after they rebuilt everything. I moved in with my grandparents after that. And my grandparents are a little more sensitive to spirit stuff. They're very into, like, cryptozoological stuff. So they were pretty quick to say that it was a dangerous house and there was probably good that we got out of there. And then I think my mom moved out and got a new apartment maybe a year after I moved out. So, I don't know, it was just weird and interesting to talk to everybody about it and kind of, like reminisce and kind of bring back everything that had happened. So it was kind of like a cherry on top. I don't know. But anyways, I just wanted to call and kind of close that off a little bit and explain a little more in there. Like I said, we couldn't find anything on the history of the house. Nothing super spooky. As far as we know, nobody died, but that's pretty much how that ended. But anyways, I love your show, and I hope to hear more episodes as you keep going. All right, thanks. Bye.
