---
title: "Voice From Cassette Recorder in Funeral Home"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-08
timestamp_start: 1015.9
timestamp_end: 1221.1
timestamp_display: "16:55 - 20:21"
caller: "Nick from Kentucky"
type: "ghost"
location: "Fairberry, Illinois"
source_lines: "13-13"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] Hey Derek. This is Nick from central Kentucky. This story happened to me when I was about four or five and actually we were living in a small little town in Illinois called Fairberry. My dad was a minister and was trying to find a place to put our church. So he had been doing some work for a lady whose husband had recently died and she was looking to utilize the funeral home that they had. So he rented that out from her. And so we actually lived in the parsonage area of the funeral home. And I always just had like a weird creepy feeling, you know, as a four year old, five year old, I didn't really know a lot about ghosts or I didn't really think a lot about what that might mean. But one night it was somewhere around bath time, I remember, you know, the lights were kind of dim in my room and my parents would give me a old realistic cassette recorder and I would just put in my room while I played and they would send the tapes in to my grandma. So this one night I'm in my room and I'm getting ready for bed or whatever and I just heard this noise come from the cassette recorder and it just sounded like an old kind of crony lady. That's at least the closest I could get. It just kind of sounded like hello. And I immediately looked at the cassette recorder because it seemed to be coming from there and I thought maybe it was on play, maybe it was stuck or something like that. And I mean, he was totally off, it was not on at all. I always just had a weird feeling about that. I ran and told my parents and they were like, ah, we don't know. So I don't know if it was just, you know, four or five year old's imagination or if, you know, one of the people from the funeral home just was looking for an avenue to reach out. I'd love to know. But before that, my parents had lived in another neighboring town called Pontiac. And the house that I moved into right after I was born, my mom said that the upstairs of the house when they first moved in wasn't finished yet. It had kind of been trashed out and stuff. So they just kind of Used it for storage space for the first little while. And she would be down in the kitchen, and the stairway up to the top of the second floor was directly off the kitchen. And so she would be in the kitchen getting stuff ready. And they would hear, like, furniture being scooted across the floor. It was like a wooden subfloor or whatever. And they would just hear stuff being scooted across or dropped and slammed and opened. And so my dad, you know, being a minister, just got a friend and they went up there and they prayed, told the spirit it wasn't allowed to live there anymore. And then they said it never came back. So. Don't know. It's kind of one of those weird stories. I heard much after the fact, thankfully, because I don't think I would have slept at all if I would have known that when I was little. But anyway, love the show. Thanks so much for giving me lots of sleepless night. All right, thanks so much.
