---
title: "Burning Ball Crash with Whispering Voices"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 209.7
timestamp_end: 406.4
timestamp_display: "3:29 - 6:46"
caller: "Anonymous"
type: "ufo"
location: "Utah/Wyoming border"
source_lines: "16-16"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hello Derek. I'm gonna keep my name anonymous. Anyway, this happened yesterday night at about midnight. Me and my brother were just coming home from watching a movie. This happened on the Utah, Wyoming bordered. We was coming home from the movie. It was about 12 o' clock at night. The sky was clear. It was a full moon. I mean, it was just bright. I mean it was a beautiful night. Anyway, we were driving down the road. This wasn't the freeway. This is a back road to Utah. And in the distance about two miles in the sky, just out of nowhere, come from flying down this big burning ball. It looked like the shape of a, like as round as a tennis ball, but it was, I mean it was 10 times bigger. And it was just come hurtling towards the earth and it was on fire, was orange and there was some white flames coming around the back out of it. And it just flew right to the earth and it hit the ground. And so we looked at each other. We said, did you just see that? And he's like, yeah, I just seen that. So we drove up about the next mile and off to the left in the road, about 300 yards into a field is a massive ball of burning something. I mean, I don't know what it was. It was burning. Anyway, we parked the truck and we finally worked ourselves up to running down there and seeing what it was. So it's still on fire. I mean, it's roaring. And about the time it took us to talk both of us into doing it, it kind of died down a little bit, but was still roaring pretty good. And so we walked down to it and we got about 50ft from it. And then all of a sudden my brother stopped and he could hear whispering, like people or something talking. And there's nobody. I mean, it's flat. And he yelled, hello? Nobody answered. I mean, there's no foot tracks going to it or from it. He said he heard whispering and I'm like, oh no, you're just paranoid. Anyway, we walk about 10 more steps and we're about 40ft from it and I swear I could hear somebody talking until we both stopped. And he looked at me and he says, you just hear that? I was like, yeah, it sounds like somebody's talking. And we immediately just got so scared. So I whipped out my phone and I videoed like four seconds of it. We didn't want to get any closer to it. And then it was the weirdest thing. We just started hearing dogs barking and there's nobody that lives out here. And so we just turned off and started running. It was weird how it turned from people whispering to like a weird bark. It's hard to explain. I don't know how it matches up, but I mean, it Was so weird. So we turned off, we just started running back to the truck as fast as we could and the barking happened for like two seconds and then it stopped and it was completely dead silent, the weirdest silent. I mean, it was so weird. And so we just ran back, we got in the truck and I was able to get 3 or 4 seconds long video of us just walking up on it, but we have not gone back since. And I'm thinking about going back and just seeing what it was because I mean, we're just so scared. We were so scared we didn't want to see it look any more than than we already was. So. Yeah, no, I'll send you the video. Let me know. Thanks, Derek.
