---
title: "Deceased Cousin Contacts Through Voice and Dream"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 2114.3
timestamp_end: 2406.5
timestamp_display: "35:14 - 40:06"
caller: "Corey"
type: "ghost"
location: "Unknown"
source_lines: "12-12"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hi Derek, I just wanted to call in today and share a couple of stories in regards to a cousin of mine. My name is Corey. I really don't want to give any more information than that, just to maintain a little bit of privacy, but this cousin was shot and killed by the police several years ago. And at least when we were younger, we were really close. We were more like brother and sister than cousins. And his death was a shock, but not exactly a surprise. He had gone into a lot of, a lot of trouble. There were years prior to his death. Anyway, this was about first of all, in January, it was just after his funeral, and I was out walking my dogs and my cousin had a very distinctive voice and I heard him, I was thinking about him as I was out walking the dogs and I heard him. I heard a voice calling, corey, Cory, Corey. And I was looking around and I couldn't see anybody. It was January. There were no leaves on the trees. It was clear, and there was. There was nobody around. Eventually I heard a woman answer who wasn't me, and then I heard the man speaking again. It didn't sound anything like my cousin, and I honestly don't know if he was saying Corey. Maybe he was saying Lori or Tory or Rory or some other Ori name, I don't know. But I just feel like that little bit of confirmation was him saying that he was okay, that I didn't need to worry about him. Anyway, about a year later when this happened, this next story happened, I heard about it maybe six months later. For me, my part in it, I was driving to visit my parents and I was going to the little teeny tiny village where my cousin's Parents, my aunt and uncle live. As I was driving into town, I started to have a panic attack. So instead of continuing on another 30 or 40 miles to my parents house, I went to my aunt's house and called my mom to have her come pick me up. And while I was waiting, my aunt told me the story. She said that she'd received a phone call from a woman who worked at the local library. And she saw. The woman said in her dream she saw the name Karen. Karen. Karen. That's not a real name. But I'm again just trying to make it a little more private. But it's spelled in kind of a strange way. And this woman didn't know anybody whose name was spelled that way, Anybody with the name Karen. But she, like I said, she worked at the library. She went in to work and was going through something on the computer and she came across my aunt's name. And she's looking at it and she said, is this the woman who lost her son? And the other librarians agreed. The other workers at the library said, yeah, that's who it is. And so this woman called my aunt up and told her about this dream. That she'd seen her name being written over and over again on a piece of paper. And then she had heard a voice saying, tell Karen that I'm okay and do not watch the video. And this woman had no idea what that meant, but my aunt did. Because my cousin was killed by the police. His death was captured with body cam footage and it was released to the public. And this is about a year after his death. And my aunt was thinking about watching the video again. When it first happened, she had seen it, but she was just in such numb. So numb and in so much shock that it hadn't really sunk in. And she was considering watching it again. Then she got this phone call from basically a complete stranger telling her not to watch it again. To the deal. Just from what I know about my cousin, I know that if there is something that happens beyond this life, that he will absolutely be out there looking after his family. Family was such a big part of his life. And yeah, it's just. I mean, there are a couple of little stories. Maybe they don't mean anything. Maybe it's just wishful thinking from a family that's in grief. But when they happened, they sure did mean a lot to both me and to my aunt. Anyway, thank you for your show. I might call later with some more stories. Bye bye.
