---
title: "Fog Rises From Goblin Hall Stairs"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 633.5
timestamp_end: 1080.9
timestamp_display: "10:33 - 18:00"
caller: "Cassidy from New York City"
type: "haunting"
location: "Guildford, Scotland"
source_lines: "13-15"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker F] Hi Derek, this is Cassidy from New York City. This is a story that happened just a little over a year ago. My wife and I were recently married in June of last year and we went on a honeymoon to Scotland, England and Wales. It was 32 days long road trip. We rented a car and for the most part we just stayed in small little villages and went to local pubs and just tried to have an authentic British Isles experience. About a week into our honeymoon, we used the website Atlas Obscura a lot to try and find unusual things off the beaten path, not touristy things. And we were driving from Perth down to Northumberland, so we're exiting Scotland and heading down to Northern England. And on the way we were going to go through Edinburgh and just north of Edinburgh is a village called Guildford in East Lothian. This is Stone Scotland and we heard about something called the Goblin Ha, which is short for hall, the Goblin hall, but they call it the Goblin Ha. We love folklore, we love elves and fairies and since we were in sort of the birthplace of that tradition, we thought we should go. We go down this road. It's very, very rural. It's one of these roads that is so small that if another oncoming car approaches, you have to pull over to let them pass we see a sign that says yester castle, which is where the goblin haw is. It's a part of the. It's this old abandoned castle. Apparently we didn't know much about it except that the bird goblin was in it. And he says, if you're here for the yester castle, no parking. Park around the corner. We go around the corner and we sort of. We're in the middle of fields and a couple of woods and sort of horse stables and nothing's really clearly marked. We don't see a castle anywhere. And we're kind of wandering around. We meet this Scottish couple, like, heavily tattooed, and they have a young baby. They're both smoking cigarettes. They're kind of rough, but very friendly. We couldn't understand a single word they were saying. Everything was like, you know, very thick Scottish brogue. But they were also looking for the castle. We sort of wander off together. We cross over this field, over this old stone wall, and we're wandering through a golf course. And we don't find it. We don't think we're going to find it at all. And there's a little patch of woods that we go through. We wander through some thistles and nettles and we see in the distance a wall of stone. We come around the corner and we see this sort of like archway that we think is the Goblin Hall. And we found it. We keep wandering and in the distance we see this massive wall and a.

[Speaker G] Small trail that goes down that almost.

[Speaker F] Looks like a moat, like a trench. And at the very bottom is this old iron gate. So I wander down and it's very spooky. This little tiny, like moat or gate. It's covered in cobwebs. And I get out my camera. I have one of those sort of like a. It's a Canon Rebel T3. So it has a bright flash. I hold it up to the iron gate. You know, there's the little holes, and I flash and it illuminates this massive subterranean hall which is apparently what they call the Goblin. Ha. We can't get in. It's gated off with these old, I mean, centuries, centuries old iron gates. It's really spooky. There's a really eerie sensation and atmosphere there. We go up. We sort of wander around this massive wall and my wife notices a little tiny trail that sort of creeps around the other way. We follow it down and we see an iron gate that has been ripped off and a small opening. I thought it was a moat, but it was an opening that has Just been filled in with enough earth that in order to enter it, you sort of need to get on your hands and knees. And it's an archway that leads into a long tunnel. I get on my hands and knees. I don't have a flashlight, but I use the flash on my rebel T3 to illuminate the way. So I'm crawling on my hands and knees and flashing as quickly as I can. It takes a little bit to regenerate that flash. And it's about 25ft of pitch darkness and just cobwebs sort of on our hands and knees until we get into the subterranean Goblin Hall. And it's massive. It's at least 75ft long. It's very eerie. My hair is standing up on end and my wife finally, like, I think we should get going. As we turn to leave, we notice in the corner, far corner, as we're looking at the pictures, there appears to be another doorway. I keep flashing and I sort of wander, stumble into the corner and I see a doorway that leads to a set of stairs that go even further down into the earth. My wife pleads with me not to go down, but I am completely stubborn, so I have to go down. The stairs are rounded and crooked, so they're very treacherous. But I keep flashing and taking a step, flashing, sort of seeing what's before me and taking a step, and I wandered down about 15 steps, and it's going deeper and deeper and it's getting colder and colder and colder until about 15, maybe 20 steps down, I take a flash and I see a pool of thick, like fog sort of at the bottom of the stairs and sort of rubble at the bottom of the stairs. I take another flash and I see the fog is about halfway up the stairs. I take another flash and this thick fog is around my face and sort of all over me. And it looks like dry ice, like fog. It's that heavy. I flip out, turn around and sort of stumble, run up the stairs, just flashing my camera as quickly as possible. I tell my wife, just run, run, run. We run to the end of the hall, we get on our hands and knees and just sort of charge out from underneath that passageway. And we are spooked. My hair is standing up, I feel shaky. And we get back in the car, we drive to where we're staying in England. It's about a two hour drive, and the whole time we're just kind of shaky. I get on my computer once we get WI fi and I look up where the heck it was that we went And I find the Wikipedia page and I'm reading it right from Wikipedia. Yester Castle. The only remaining complete structure is the subterranean goblin Ha. Or hobgoblin Ha. It was built, it's believed in 1267. It was given to the family by King David I. So it's been abandoned since about the 16th century. But this is what I really wanted to read. The wizard of Yester. Sir Hugo de Gifford was the known wizard of Yester and was considered to be a powerful warlock and necromancer. It is in the undercloft of the castle where he was said to practice his sorcery, which is the stairs where I was heading down. 15th century chronicler mentions a large cavern in the Yester Castle, originally thought to have been formed by a magical artifice. Quote Hugo Gifford. This is in Latin, but it translates to he supposedly made a path with the devil to raise a magical army of goblins or hobgoblins to build this castle. And further research revealed that apparently it is the most the scariest place to visit in Scotland. And we had no idea. But that's my story. I love the podcast and thank you for doing what you do.
