---
title: "Beehive Creature on Log in Woods"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 2563.9
timestamp_end: 2808.7
timestamp_display: "42:43 - 46:48"
caller: "Dan from Virginia"
type: "other"
location: "Virginia"
source_lines: "16-16"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hey there. My name is dan. I'm about 33 years old. I live in Virginia. This particular story happened about 25 years ago, maybe 24. I was 8, 9, maybe 10 years old. I was out of a friend's house, and he lived out in the woods. Deep, deep woods, down a couple back roads. And we played there all the time. His house was in a heavily wooded area. His driveway was about maybe 2/10 of a mile long from the road, and it was up a very, very steep hill to the point where in the wintertime when it iced over, they had to park their cars at the bottom of this driveway. This particular day, and before I start, I would just like to comment and say I'm aware that time degrades memories. You know, when you are a kid and you climb that tree that seems like it's 50ft and you come back when you're an adult, it's actually only 10ft tall. So I'm completely aware of that. But there's something in this story that is undeniable. So this particular day, me and him walk down his driveway, close to them, close, close to the access road, and we're walking to a particular part of his heavily wooded property. We call it the Cliffs. We've been there many times before. And we're walking and, you know, from what I remember, the weather, it was fair. I mean, it was warm out. It would have been summertime. And we're trekking through the woods and he's maybe two, three steps in front of me, leading the way. And all of a sudden we look up and stop. And there is the only way I could describe it is a figure or some sort of creature that looked like it was made out of a beehive material or maybe chunks of wood. And this thing looked to be sitting on a log maybe 15 to 20ft ahead of us, directly in our path. It turned around and looked at us. My friend, who was right in front of me, spun around with a look of fear and we ran the entire way up this steep driveway, all the way back to his house. Now, like I said, I'm aware that maybe my mind has sort of added some what this thing looked like over the years, maybe how big it was. But one thing is certain, that we both saw this at the same time and got that got out of there. It wasn't a situation of hey, do you see that? Look at that. What is that? It was just straight up fear, fight or flight kind of moment. And we ran the entire way back. Like I said, the creature would have looked to maybe been 7 or 8ft tall. And it looks like it was made out of what you would see a beehive to be made out of. I have no explanation as to what it was. It had a face, but it didn't. It wasn't human. That's all I know. Trying to rationalize this over the years, maybe it was a beehive that just kind of started to fall over as we approached it and our imaginations kind of ran with it. Somebody kind of jokingly told me one time that, oh, I had seen an ent as in a tree herder, like in Lord of the Rings. But I will never forget that day. And it was a long time before we ever went back down into that area of this property. So that's it. Thanks. Love the show. Hope to hear more more stuff in the future. Bye.
