---
title: "Tall White Winged Humanoid on Country Road"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 3085.1
timestamp_end: 3403.0
timestamp_display: "51:25 - 56:42"
caller: "Anonymous from Alabama"
type: "cryptid"
location: "Atala, Alabama"
source_lines: "70-70"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] I'm from Alabama, been listening to your podcast for about a year and a half now. I work long night on the railroad, I get called in. So it's, it's perfect to listen to on those late nights. What I was calling about was, I guess it was the summer of 2010, maybe 2011. A friend and I had went to GameStop. It was during the times when video games were keying in our lives and we went there for a midnight release. So I guess we picked up the game somewhere around 12 o', clock, a little after game stops about 20 minutes from my house in Atala, Alabama. My family owns 180 acres. It's on a road called Ponderosa Road. So we leave from GameStop, we're headed home. You know, we got a night planned of just playing the game. So we're pumped up. So you go through a holler, which is a hollow, across a bridge, windy road, but you're ascending upwards to get to our house. We're all on top of that mountain as we call it. So there's dit in the road, single lane road. I'd say it's probably 10ft wide. Well, as we're coming up the hill, I don't have my brights on. I mean I could drive that road in the dark. I've done it before when my headlights went out, but I didn't have my brights on. I'm just making my way to the house and we go down a dip in the road and as we go up the next hill, I noticed something in the middle of the road. I just see something white, almost like a, like as wide as you would expect a human. About as wide as a human is the only way I know to explain it. So I hit my brights and my light illuminates it and it was a human form, but it happened so quickly. I don't know any other way to explain it Then it was way taller than a human should be. My uncle played professional baseball and he's like almost seven foot tall. So is my dad. They're big wide guys and this thing would have made them, you know, look small so I, I couldn't even see shoulders. It was just like the bottom part of something white and human like. But the crazy thing was when we saw it, as soon as I hit the brats it all happened so quickly. I can't tell if it had wings and threw its wings out that were larger than 10ft. How wide the road is larger than the road is anyways. Or it literally stretched its body out. I know that sounds crazy, but almost like it was putty. That's what it was more like than wings. And the thing was, if it was wings, any kind of bird, birds fly out when they fly off. And this thing didn't. It just like got extremely wide and then skinny again and shot straight up into the air. And I looked at my friend and asked him, you know, hey, man, did you. Did you see that? And I knew he saw it. I just wanted to make sure I wasn't crazy. And he said, yeah, I saw it. And we just didn't know what to do. I mean, it was close to my driveway. So we just pull into the house and I asked him, I was like, man, what was that? He said, you know, I don't. I don't have a clue. And neither did I. So it was just really odd. We got to the house, made sure we locked the doors and pulled the curtains on the windows. I still don't know to this day what it could have been. I think about it from time to time, especially out working late on the railroad like I am tonight. You know, those things just cross your mind. But a clear night. I mean, no fog, warm summer night. I don't understand. And, you know, I brought it up to the guy that was with me since then, and he still says, I don't really know, and I don't like to talk about it. I didn't really feel scared. I just. It happened so fast. I didn't know what it was. I mean, still don't know what it is. I just. I don't know if I'll ever know. I was just wondering if, you know, maybe anyone else had experienced anything like that. I know that's vague, but that's just how it happened. And it happened really fast. But I know we don't have any kind of bird in Alabama that. I mean, the closest that we have is our ospreys, some of the biggest birds. And yeah, some eagles, but some bald eagles, that. There's none in that area. I mean, we don't live near a lake, and that's mostly where they stay. And I know what they look like. I'm a duck hunter. I've seen them around. I just. I really don't know what that thing was. It's. That's the part that messes with me the most. So I appreciate the podcast and keep up the good work. Thanks.
