---
title: "Crowd of Voices Under Bed Shaking Bed"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-13
timestamp_start: 193.8
timestamp_end: 416.9
timestamp_display: "3:13 - 6:56"
caller: "Tim from Michigan"
type: "other"
location: "Green Bay, Wisconsin"
source_lines: "12-12"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker D] Hi, my name is Tim. I live in Michigan now. But the story I'm going to tell happened in Green Bay, Wisconsin, maybe. Oh, geez, 30 years ago, I guess to start, I'll say this, having odd things happen when I was a kid, especially through my childhood teenage years, it was pretty normal, I guess. We didn't think too much about it, my family and I. I had three brothers and a sister. And, you know, odd things would happen, you know, toys turning on, doors opening and closing. We moved around a lot, but whatever those things were, they seemed to follow us around Whatever it was. But this particular story is the result of a rule I made for myself if I saw or heard anything, to make sure that it actually was there, that it wasn't my imagination. Very early in my life, I made a rule that if no one else saw it or heard it, it didn't happen. It was just my imagination. Well, one of these things that would happen to me fairly frequently as a child, maybe as far back as I can remember, eight or nine years old, occasionally I'd have nights where I was going to bed and I'd hear, oh, I don't know what you would call. Sounded like a crowd of people under my bed. As ridiculous as that might sound, it sounded like a crowd of people very far away. If you heard an old battlefield that they'll put on tv sometimes if somebody's remembering an old battlefield or something like that, they're remembering, like, the horror of the sounds of people screaming and the metal clashing. Well, if you take all the metal clashing out of. That's what I heard. It sounded like thousands of people, hundreds or thousands, I don't know, just yelling. Sometimes it would get louder and louder. I convinced myself this was all in my head. But at times when the voices got really loud, my bed would start shaking. And again, there's no one else there. Even though I shared a room with my brother, they had their own beds, you know, both my brothers did. So for years, I really thought this was my imagination, and I just went on with it. Then one day when I was a teenager, I was in a apartment that I was sharing with my brothers, and my cousin was there, my cousin Todd. We were taking turns sharing the bedroom, and it was my week for the bedroom. Todd was staying with us for the summer, and it was the middle of the day, and I don't remember why I was laying down during the day. I don't know if we were up late. It was during the summer. But I laid down to take a nap. And this is one of these times when I started hearing these voices and the bed started shaking, and it was broad daylight, which wasn't typical. And I was trying to figure out, you know what? I don't know if this is in my head or not. So I got out of my bed, went in the other room, and I told my cousin, hey, wanna come talk to me for a minute? I got something I want to talk to you about. So he said, sure. Came in the bedroom. I said, todd, have a seat. He sat down on the bed, immediately jumped back up and said, what's? Going on with your bed? It's shaking. And I thought I knew it. Now, we went and checked the other beds and it was only my bed shaking. And Todd, he didn't hear the voices. I could hear them, but he couldn't hear them. And I didn't tell him that I heard him. And I didn't tell him the bed was shaking beforehand. But he was convinced and he was freaked out a little bit by all of it, obviously. I guess the funny part of the story is this. I felt very vindicated until it got dark. And at that point, I didn't feel so much vindicated, just kind of terrified, thinking to myself that was really happening all those years. Well, in any case, eventually it stopped. I would say in my late 20s, a lot of that stuff that was happening just went away. That was on Mather street in Green Bay, Wisconsin. That happened. Thank you for your time. I like your podcast and have a good day.
