---
title: "Ouija Board Session Causes Dog to React"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 2151.4
timestamp_end: 2397.9
timestamp_display: "35:51 - 39:57"
caller: "Dakota from Oregon"
type: "ghost"
location: "Oregon"
source_lines: "29-29"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] Hey Derek, my name is Dakota, I'm from Oregon and I have another story to tell everybody. I've called in a few times before and most of my experiences have been ghost related, like paranormal I guess some of them you could call shadow people and other things like that. But this one is actually about a Ouija board and I've only really been around those a few times. And the last time, which is the most recent also that I've used one, was about probably 10 years ago. And it was actually my older sister and one of her friends, they convinced each other and me to kind of just see what would happen because we grew up in a really haunted house, my parents house where they still live. Anyway, we just thought we'll see what happens if we, you know, try to contact. So they basically were just asking if anybody was there and normal questions. And it took a little bit. We all had our fingers on the planchette and I have always been skeptical of a third party when it comes to Ouija boards. Like I trust my sister because her and I have both experienced a lot of stuff together and also separately. But neither of us will just lie about it. Because there's no reason to, because we've both seen and heard so much that it's. There's just no point to lie to each other. And we don't like try to scare each other or anything like that. And out of nowhere they asked a question. I think they said, is anybody here? And, I mean, I was just along for the ride. I wasn't asking any questions. I told them both, I don't want to do that. I just want to be. I just want to watch and be a witness. But I still did have my hand on the planchette and it went to yes. And then at the time, we had a really old boxer. She was probably like 13. And that's, that's also just old for any dog, but especially a boxer. And she was sleeping in the living room. We were like in the kitchen, which is open to the living room. There's like two entrances to the kitchen from the living room. And there. There's no doors or just like doorways. And we were actually like, in the end, that was more of a dining room. So there was a table that we were sitting at and my dog was laying like directly parallel to us, but in the living room right by the front window. And out of nowhere, after they asked if anybody was there, she stood up and started barking like really, really loud. And this was probably like 11 o' clock at night. And it was just us three there besides the dog. And anyway, so she started barking and she was staring right out the front window, which keep in mind, was closed with two layers of curtains. So not only would she not be able to see anything out there, but she was dead asleep. And when I say, like she was asleep, she was a really old dog. Like I already said, she was like 13. And she was already hard of hearing in sight at the time. So she would not have been able to hear, to hear anything loud enough to at least not to wake her up. And she never would bark. Like, the only time she would bark is if she was playing. Because my parents actually, I think we did have our little dog at the time too. We still, they still have him too. He's. He's like a Chihuahua mix. But he would bug her and she would bark at him just to be like, you know, leave me alone. But she never barked at anybody ever. So that scared me by itself. And the fact that she was standing at a table attention, just staring at the front window really freaked me out. And I stopped and I just said, I'm done with this. I'm. I'm going to bed basically because you know, when animals detect stuff, that freaks me out more than almost anything because it's scary enough to know that I've seen things and experienced things, but when my animals also can confirm that, especially an elderly one that is really hard of hearing in sight, it's extra creepy to me. And once they said goodbye, she stopped. And that was enough confirmation. So I just, I noped out of there basically. But that's one story. It's another story that really creeped me out and forever I'm done with Ouija boards. Thanks for letting us call and letting us share our experiences. I appreciate it. Have a good one.
