---
title: "Man in Ball Cap and Little Girl Haunt Closet"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 3048.2
timestamp_end: 3552.8
timestamp_display: "50:48 - 59:12"
caller: "Jason from Arlington, Texas"
type: "ghost"
location: "Arlington, Texas"
source_lines: "38-38"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Yes, this is Jason. This story took place in Arlington, Texas. It's in the Dallas Fort Worth metroplex. Took place about 2002, 2003, something like that. At the time, my wife and I, we were not married yet, but had two different apartments. We decided to consolidate, save money, and move into one of our apartments. When I moved in with my wife, she told me that there was something strange about the apartment. Now, this wasn't an old apartment. It wasn't built in the early 1900s. It was a fairly new apartment. So it wasn't a creepy, haunted place. It was just a regular apartment. So she told me that she always felt like she wasn't alone or she was being watched. I just kind of passed that off. But after a few months, I think, well, the first thing that happened to me is that I was in the shower, and I had the shower running, But I distinctly heard something in my ear. And it was like a whisper. It was just there, just in my ear, just a whisper. And I turned off the water, and I listened, and I couldn't hear it. And things like that would happen every now and then. The next thing that I felt that happened was sitting on the couch watching tv. Every now and then, I felt like there was a depression in the cushion next to me. I couldn't actually see it, but there was something there. And it happened so many times that I would actually reach out and run my hand across beside me because there was such a presence of something. The other thing that was extremely interesting is, well, we had a little dog, and he was a chihuahua mix. And that dog, he would hop off the couch while we were watching tv, and he would go in the background bedroom. And sometimes I would wonder what he was doing back there. And I would walk and look, and he would be standing in the hallway, but looking inside the bedroom. And he always had his head looking towards the closet. And even when we were in the bedroom, if we were sitting on the bed reading or something like that, the little dog, he would sit there and stare at that closet. He would go and sniff under the door. And every once in a while, I would hear something in the closet, and I would go in there, and there would be nothing there. So a lot of strange things were happening and pulling us to the closet. The next major thing that happened, I came home one day, and my wife said that she walked into our bedroom, and there was a silhouette of a man in a ball cap sitting on the corner of the bed. And she jumped back scared. And just from being startled by the time she blinked her eyes and looked, it was gone. But she says, I swear. I swear that it was there. And, you know, I said, well, the. You know, the doors are locked and everything. And she goes. She goes, I just. It had a ball cap. It was a silhouette. I saw the shoulders and the head. He was sitting there, and it was just as clear as day. And then as soon as I jumped back and was startled by it, it was gone. The next thing that happened was I was sitting in the bedroom on the computer. I had the computer desk beside the bed. My wife was sitting on the bed looking at a magazine. The next thing I know, there is a huge pop, almost like a firework went off. And there was a flash. You could smell the. Like an ozone, like an electric smell. But the light had not gone off. The light had not blown out. And I was like, what was that? What was that? And she was like, I don't know. What did you do? And I was like, I didn't do anything. There was like a pop. There was a combustion in the middle of the room, and we could smell it. And it was. It had a strange electrical smell. But there was no electricity out, no light bulbs out after the combustion in the room. The next thing that happened, I was brushing my teeth in the bathroom. And as soon as I rinsed my mouth out and I looked up in the mirror, I saw movement, and I thought it was my wife. I turned around and there was a silhouette of someone tall, but there was a cap. He had a ball cap on. And I walked towards it, thinking it could be my wife. And as I walked towards it, I saw it retreat towards. Kind of towards the front of the bed that headed to the closet. So I. I went into the bedroom following it, and there was nothing there. The closet door was shut. I went into the closet. I looked all over. There was nothing there. I went into the front room and my wife was watching tv. Of course, I asked her, were you in the bedroom? She's like, no, I've been watching my show. So the next major thing that happened was I was asleep, dead asleep. And on the outside of the bed, on the left part of the bed, someone was shaking me awake. And it shook me so violently for a minute, I really startled and woke up. And I looked, and there was a little girl in the bedroom staring at me. And as soon as my eyes cleared and I looked at her face, she said, daddy, Daddy. And she ran to the foot of the bed, ran across the Front of the bed. And then ran into that closet and slammed the door. And I jumped up and I shook my wife. And I was like, there's a little girl in the house. There's a little girl in the house. Get up. Get up. And I thought some little girl had gotten into the wrong apartment. But it was so late. It was two, three o' clock in the morning. I got up and I said, hey, hello. I turned on all the lights and I opened the closet door and there was nothing in there. I looked all through there and I told my wife. I said, I am telling you, there was a little girl in here. She was just here. Didn't you hear her? She was like, I heard you scream. I heard you scream. I went to the front door. The door was locked. There was nothing again with the closet. So months passed and not a lot happened. But we decided to move. We moved into a bigger apartment. And we were moving all of our items out. We were almost moved out. And my wife went into the closet to look on the top shelf to clear everything out. And she got a chair from the kitchen and stood on top of the chair. And then I heard her scream. So I ran, I ran to the closet. And she said, jason, you will not believe. Look on top of the shelf. So I stood up there and I looked on top of the shelf and I saw a piece of paper that was peeled up off the shelf. It had been painted down by someone that lived there before or the apartment complex management had painted this piece of paper face down. And I slowly filled it up and realized it was a photo. And it was a photo of a man with a ball cap and a little girl. And we both got chills and looked at each other and knew exactly. Not only did we read each other's mind, we knew, we felt exactly. And there was something released in that closet. And it was that man with the ball cap and that little girl. And it was a photo, kind of like an old, old photo of black and white of a man and what seemed like his daughter standing in front of a house. And it was black and white photo. All we could think of was that there was love or something attached to this photo. And it wanted to be released and it wanted to be found because someone loved it. I don't know. I'm not an expert. I don't. I don't know about a lot of things, about the paranormal, but that's the only thing that's ever happened to us. And that's my story. So thanks a lot, Derek.
