---
title: "Orange Glowing Rectangle with Responding Eyes"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 2311.4
timestamp_end: 2514.6
timestamp_display: "38:31 - 41:54"
caller: "Lisa from Orange County, California"
type: "ufo"
location: "Palm Springs, California"
source_lines: "21-21"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker E] Hi Derek, my name is Lisa. I'm from Orange County, California. The story I have is from summer of 2016. I was out with a couple girlfriends and their three boys. We went over to Palm Springs to enjoy the weekend. I had Suffered heat stroke during the day, so I was recovering at night. And this was a timeshare in Palm Springs, where the development is very big, but it butts against a mountain range where there's no development. There's nothing on it. So it's about 9:30 at night, and we're all just kind of relaxed in the heat of summer night. And one of the boys says, hey, take a look at this. So I go out to the deck, and we see not far from our timeshare, we're on a second story not far from where we are. We see like a rectangle, and it's glowing orange. And then we see these two, like, legs or rays of light come down. At this point, there are only three of us on the deck. And because all of us are going, oh, my God, what is that? Before we know it, all of us six adults are just looking at this thing, and it's glowing orange with these orange. Two orange rays coming down from the corners of the. Of this rectangle. And all of a sudden, to our right, we see something glowing. And one of the kids says, oh, my God, is that a creature? I said, oh, yes, probably I shine. But we're looking, it's not going red. And it's like every time the two rays would go down, it would blink twice. And the little area to our right, also up on that hill, would answer back. Now, the weird thing is, I'm hoping there's someone who might have seen something like this or if it's something that still happens in Palm Springs. But six adults didn't think to get their cameras out. Six adults didn't know what to do. All of us just stood there and it went on for like 10 minutes. And all of a sudden, before we know, we're like, well, that was weird. We go back inside. The next day, the boys decide they're going to climb the mountain and see what they could find. So the women, you know, the moms, we're just watching boys climb up the hill, making sure they're going to be okay. They couldn't find anything. We first thought it was like a tower, a telephone tower or something. There was nothing up there. They said there was an outcropping where they thought the eyes would have been. They didn't see anything of anything living. Some of them might have been camped there. But here's the creepy thing. The next night, we all stood again on that balcony. This time, we tried to get our phones out. And six people recorded. Six people could not get anything on our phones. I had the basis model of a cell phone and everyone else had, you know, better models. And it's weird how the same phenomenon happened, yet nobody could catch it on film, couldn't catch a sound and we could hear this weird, like humming. So I'm wondering if there's anyone else that lives out in Palm Springs that might have seen something like this because it was really weird. That's my story and I'm a great follower. This is my first time leaving a message. I love your podcast, I love everything you do and I will call back again. Thank you. Bye.
