---
title: "Sleep Paralysis Entity and Mysterious Footprints"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 1420.7
timestamp_end: 1655.2
timestamp_display: "23:40 - 27:35"
caller: "Colleen from Ohio"
type: "sleep_paralysis"
location: "Ohio"
source_lines: "16-16"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker G] Hello, I am Colleen. I'm a new listener, so I'm not all the way through the podcast yet, and I'm about halfway through and I haven't heard you talk about anything about sleep paralysis. And so I live in Ohio and I lived in a house by myself. Two bedrooms. And one winter, the house was haunted. The woman who lived there previously died. And she. I knew her personally. She was a nice old lady. She would. All she did was she would, like. She would open cabinets in the kitchen and she would, like, open a fourth door and close it and open it back up and you walk through the hallway. And I just had my cats, and the cats always slept with me at night, so you could hear just doing stuff in the middle of the night. Anyways, so one night I wake up dead in the night. It was like probably three in the morning in the middle of winter. It was really cold. And the windows in my bedroom were very high up, so they were like at the top, like the top few inches, so you couldn't really see out the windows unless you stood on anything. And so we were just. I was laying there after I'd woken up and I couldn't move, but I hear these loud ducks coming down the hallway and they were much louder than Mary. The previous woman who lived there used to walk. They were like stomps down the hallway. And so my bedroom door swings open and I can't move. I am just laying there. I can't move. I feel like something's just pressing on me when the door opens, but the door just opens wide. My cats are both in bed with me and they start hissing and like clawing at the air and just like going crazy. And I just. I can't do anything. I can't move. I can't do anything. And I just feel like something is just sitting on my chest and I can't breathe. And it was one of the scarier things that I have experienced. But anyways, so after a few hours of that terrible feeling, it finally went away and I finally could move and like breathe, which were all deep breaths. And it just like. It was just so weird. My cats were acting normal again. I was wide awake. So I was walking around the house after I could move and like frantic. And I just got in my car and. And I had. I picked up one of my friends and they stayed the night. But one of the things that happened before I fell asleep was I felt like somebody was watching me, like somebody was looking through my windows and watching me. But it was so dark that you couldn't really see anything. And so the house is a whole fenced in yard. And whenever I woke up in the morning, I went outside and there were footprints all around my house. So I'm not entirely sure what happened, but it was snow. There was snow, so I could see the footprints. But I just thought it was really weird and it was very scary and it was probably one of the most terrifying things that I've experienced. I have a few more stories, so I'll probably call back. But love your show. Thank you. Bye.
