---
title: "Three Dark Figures and Missing Time"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 2827.2
timestamp_end: 3141.4
timestamp_display: "47:07 - 52:21"
caller: "Jason from Lafayette"
type: "alien_encounter"
location: "Lafayette, California"
source_lines: "54-56"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hey, Derek, this is Jason. I called once before. I was just listening to I Jump around your podcast. Basically, I listen to it to and from work and to fall asleep too, but. Season 7 episode 15 about the three dark figures. I don't know what it was, but it was like a lightning bolt went up my spine when I heard that guy's story. And it brought back one of the scariest memories that I had forgotten. And I actually called my friend Josh, who was there with me, and he, yeah, pretty much a very, very, very similar situation. I am from the Bay Area, actually, Lafayette, California. And one night we were sneaking out, you know, we were going to run around being teenagers and, you know, I don't know, actually, I think we're like 12. It was the fall. It was actually. I remember it was right before my birthday and oh my God, this stuff gets me chills even talking about it, thinking about it. We were up in the hills in Lafayette, California, and around Burton Valley, and there's this place called the Grove, and it's like a big ring of trees. There's nothing around there. It's like all kind of cow fields. I don't know, it's suburbs. But we were up there and you know where a lot of place, people have parties up there all the time, you know, keggers and all this stuff we're used to back in the 90s. This was probably 91, but we were up there and there was nothing going on that night. I think it was a weeknight. We would just sneak out, smoke cigarettes or whatever, you know. But as we were walking back from the Grove, there's like this trail and as we're walking back, we just both get this like, oh, feeling, you know, oh, you know, the cops are there, you know, that kind of feeling. But it wasn't the cops. There was three dark, dark, dark figures, I guess you would say, just standing there facing the other direction. And my friend Josh, I mean, we were. We jumped down on the ground and we were staring at him. They all looked back at the exact same time and we put our heads down and next thing we know, it's ten o' clock in the morning. We both got in trouble. We got grounded because we had snuck out and it was one of the scariest things that's ever happened. We tried to explain it to our parents. You know, of course they didn't believe us. You know, they thought we just fell asleep. But this wasn't asleep, because we don't. It wasn't. It was like we blinked and. Oh, my God, I have goosebumps all over my body right now just even talking about this. It. Anyway, great podcast, man. Love Paranormal caught on camera. Me. Me and my son watch it. But. Yeah. Wow. Thanks for listening to my story.

[Speaker A] Thank you, sir, for sharing. I understand that was likely difficult. We could hear the discomfort in your voice, and the entire time I was listening, I had the same thought. Just wait until Jason hears the rest of the Mirrored man calls in that episode. Season 7, episode 15, the Mirrored Man Special. Well, as it turns out, he did listen to the rest of that episode, and this is how he feels about it.

[Speaker B] Hey, Derek, this is. Jason called last night. When I told my story, I had only heard the first part of season seven, episode 15. I'm finishing it now, and I just want to say. Oh, my God. Wow, man. Oh, I had nightmares last night and just creepy, creepy dreams about all this. And it's insane that this many people are having pretty much the same experience and I never even heard of it. You know, it's like one of those things that I. You forget about and then something reminds you and, you know, you feel like it's so familiar. And then lightning rod and it's all back. Well, that's. Oh, my God. I. I'm on my way to work and I don't know, I just had to. Had to call you and tell you that. Great podcast, man. Keep on keeping on. All right, but thank you for all your work and. Yeah, all right, have a good one. Thanks for creeping me.
