---
title: "Multiple Sasquatch Encounters in Tuolumne County"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 2005.9
timestamp_end: 2423.3
timestamp_display: "33:25 - 40:23"
caller: "Sean from Silicon Valley"
type: "cryptid"
location: "Tuolumne County, California"
source_lines: "14-14"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hey, good morning Derek. This is Sean from Silicon Valley. It has been a while since my last call. I called. You played one of my calls on, I don't know, episode five or six of this season. I was the one who had a Sasquatch encounter in Strawberry, California. I promised you another call with some more, well, sightings, I guess, or experiences. So here it is. First off, I wanted to say after you played my call, you played a YouTube clip of a guy who had a recording of, you know, alleged Sasquatch whistles. I'm gonna tell you, those whistles are spot on to what I heard. So that YouTube clip kind of gave me goosebumps afterwards because that's pretty much exactly what I heard, which was pretty impressive because I never even thought to go on YouTube and look for something similar. So since then I have, and there's a bunch. So that was pretty cool. In any case, my other experiences, they're nowhere near as intense as that last one. They're more just circumstantial, if you will, but they're, you know, enough to get you thinking, you know, having a cabin up in that area in Tuolumne county, California, you're in the woods all the time. One time I was walking our dog through. I called it the forest. It was just kind of an area in between two highways where you could walk. There was a walking trail there and everything. So I was walking the dog through there. It was summer, it was nice, so you just wanted to be outside. And all of a sudden I heard a tree fall, which was crazy because I'd never heard a tree fall before. Shoot the whole ground. You can almost feel it in your chest. But I thought nothing of it. Just was like, I'm in the woods, a tree fell, big deal. But then about 100 yards later, I heard another tree fall about the same distance into the woods. So I just thought that was kind of coincidental. Over the years, in doing research of this topic, I've heard of, number one, Sasquatch doesn't like dogs. And number two, occasionally as a, when they're posturing or if they're aggressive, much like a gorilla will do, they'll shake trees or push trees down. So again, circumstantial, but that was just kind of a little too coincidental to not at least consider as something bizarre. Another time, my father, my sister and I were actually driving from our cabin up to Strawberry, the area where I had my encounter. This was years later, but it was wintertime. We were just going to look for a place where we can do some sledding. So we found this nice little clearing off the side of the highway about two or three miles past a town called Long Barn. So anyways, we parked the car, we grabbed our sleds and we went up. We brought our sleds up the hill. My sister ran into tracks. There were very, very clear, incredibly large human looking footprints in the snow. What was interesting was there was a little creek. If you will where the snow was melting. So one of the footprints was, like, half in the creek and half out. So that same print on the next step had mud inside the snow. So you can very clearly see an outline of what looked like a human foot. But obviously it was massive. It was probably, I don't know if I had to guess, 14, 15 inches. So we actually followed those tracks up into the wood line, and then we lost sight of where they went, so we freaked out and just kind of left. You know, my dad wanted to get us out of there just in case there was something big in that area. We. Whatever it was, it was likely close. In hindsight, I wish that we'd looked even more, but we didn't. So we ended up just getting back to the car, packing up our stuff, and went home for the day. I remember when we got back to the cabin we were telling my grandfather about, he didn't believe us at all. Even still, to this day, he does not believe that we actually came across tracks. But, you know, I remember them as vividly as I do my encounter while I was fishing. But in any case, the next thing, which is a little bit more concrete if you ask me, what prompted me to call was you had just played a guy's call who said he and his friend encountered what sounded to be like Sasquatch chatter. And then you played a clip afterwards from some guys from the 70s. That's totally creepy because we used to hear things like that often. We'd be at home at night. In particular, in the summertime, it would get really hot. We didn't have an air conditioning in a cabin, so we'd sleep with the doors open. And I would hear things like that quite often. I'd say five or six times in my lifetime, having been going up there for summers and winters, I would hear things that sounded like people having conversations outside in the middle of the night. Now, our cabin was in a relatively residential area. Most of the people who own cabins up there were vacationers, so it was never really highly populated. But it's not, you know, completely out of the question that it could have been actually people talking, staying up late, and partying. But that little clip that you had played really sounded a lot like it. And then on top of that, we would hear quite often what, you know, most people call them wood knocks. I actually don't think they're wood knocks. I think Sasquatch are doing this thing where they're clapping their hands in front of their mouths and making popping noises. You know, I've tried to hit branches up against trees in the woods and they just kind of shatter and blast all over the place. So nonetheless, you would hear what you would, you know, it would be like evidence of these animals being in the woods. So in any case, I promise you this call back. I've been very, very busy, but if you ever have the opportunity. I know you live in California somewhere, but if you're ever in the area, Tuolumne county, head up to the Pine Crest, head up to the Strawberry area, do a night hike. You'll see if you've ever been in that area, just how absolutely vast and remote it is is up there, and how the possibility of something like a Sasquatch can live without being discovered. It's just crazy. In any case, sorry for my delay in getting back. The podcast is great. I listen to it every single week. Keep it up and take care.
