---
title: "Playing Mirrored Men Song Lost Five Hours in Silence"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 4266.8
timestamp_end: 4860.1
timestamp_display: "1:11:06 - 1:21:00"
caller: "Rob from New Orleans"
type: "time_slip"
location: "New Orleans, Louisiana"
source_lines: "86-86"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker E] Hey, Derek, Rob here. So I'm calling from New Orleans, Louisiana. I'm calling right now. I'm calling at the property where all this happened. It's kind of an odd location, and so let me just start by, I guess, describing it to you. So I just came outside, and my. My partner Elise and I, we bought a couple of vacant lots in this industrial part of town. I don't know if you can hear it. There's like a train going by right now. It's about 50 yards from the house. There's some different, you know, in industrial companies. There's like a dumpster company that's about a hundred yards away. There's a furniture repair place, there's a meat pie factory. And then there's also just some houses and some neighbors. But for the most part, it's just, you know, industrial stuff, vacant lots. But it's right in the middle of the city. So it's in this nexus between a couple of different highways, a couple of different train tracks, and also this kind of drainage canal that kind of cuts the neighborhood into a triangle. And all this is to say that it's really noisy here. And so I'm a teacher. I'm a GED teacher at the community college. I teach night classes. But then when I come home at night, I also write songs, I write stories and things like that. And I usually do it in the bathroom, which I know is kind of a weird place to do that. But, you know, like I said, we don't have a ton of space because we're just building it little piece by piece. And so we kind of basically have an outhouse that's connected to the house we live in by a porch. And so I go into the outhouse, bathroom, slash recording studio kind of place to make songs or whatever. So a few nights ago, I get home from work and I go into the bathroom to. To just try to play some music. And I sat down and I have this old broken guitar. And it's not super in tune or anything, but it was late at night when I started this, maybe like 10pm or so. But it's usually pretty loud at night, loud during the day. You know, like I say middle of the city. I'm in there and I just start kind of playing this riff. This is the priority. This is not terribly out of the ordinary, this part, but it's. Again, it's worth mentioning that, like, sometimes I'll be in the bathroom and I'll just play for a while. And I can hear all the things going on outside. There's rats skittering by underneath the outhouse. There's possums up in the tree. There's, you know, birds. We have two cats. You know, there's just, you know, ambulances going by. There's gunshots off in the distance. It's just, you know, it's a city and city in America, at least. So I'm playing this song, and I kind of get into this repetitive, almost hypnotic state with it, and I start just kind of singing, you know, whatever comes to my mind. And the thing that comes to my mind is this one by one, two by two, three by three. And I just start kind of saying it over and over and over again. I'm not really thinking about. I'm just playing music, just kind of babbling to myself, which probably sounds weird, but, you know, I don't know. That's how I write. And then I'm doing this one for a while. I'm not quite sure how long I'm doing this for, but I think it's maybe because I've been listening to your podcast a lot, which I love, and I get the mirrored men stuck in my head, which scare the crap out of me. Like a lot of your listeners. I don't know what it is. It's just I don't get freaked out very often by spooky stuff. But there's something about the mirrored men, and I can't explain it. So I think it's the number three, the three by three that makes me start thinking about these mirrored men. And when I started thinking about it, I'm still playing the song. I'm still kind of doing this almost this chant. And I'm aware this sounds weird, but I don't know how long this is going on for. But eventually I'm like, you know what? I'm gonna write a Mirror Men song. Because it's October. It's spooky time. And, you know, I do this thing where I try to write a song every week, and then I share it. And in October, I try to write, you know, spooky songs. And so I'm like, oh, that's. This is perfect. I'll do a Mirrored Men kind of song. So I listen to a couple of the clips. I'm kind of searching around on your podcast, and I'm Listening to the different ones. And, you know, I start getting myself all worked up and freaked out a little bit. You know, I. Maybe I record a little bit, and I'm just kind of playing that riff over and over and over again, this kind of hypnotic thing. And all of a sudden I. I just. I kind of stopped for a second. I don't know why I stopped, but I. You know, I stop and everything is silent. Everything outside, at least is silent, which never happens here. It's the middle of the city. There's just stuff going on always. So you could always just hear the white noise. And it's just completely silent, which I've never heard before. I put the guitar down for a second and I was just listening. It's not that the creatures and the insects and everything are quiet. Like it would be in the woods if you started walking through the woods. It's just silent. Like, there's no. There's no cars. There's no white noise. There's no train sounds. There's no gunshots. The distance, there's no nothing. And it sets off this really freaky feeling in me. Like it's. It just. It sounds unnaturally quiet. So. I have my grandfather's hunting knife. He made it in the 40s. He was in World War II. He liked to make stuff. He made this hunting knife. It's kind of like a family heirloom. And I keep it in the bathroom there because I use it for all kinds of different things. But in that moment, I put. Put the guitar down, I get the hunting knife. For some reason, I don't know what I'm gonna do. Stab the silence. But I. It just like, it. I. I had this kind of fight or flight fear take over me. So I get the hunting knife. I'm there in my underwear because I'm at my house just holding this knife and listening to the silence. And I listen and it's just. It's just. It's crazy. It doesn't make any sense. And I want to kind of go outside, but I have this. Just this primal fear take over me that's almost like there's this thing in my head that says, like, don't go outside. There's something weird going on outside right now. And so I've got my ear to the door. I'm holding this old knife, standing there in my underwear, and I'm like, getting up the courage to go outside stone cold sober. And the thing that breaks the silence is my cat, gator. I hear the cat flap the. The cat door, and I hear him come out, and he goes, ow. Which he has this, like, he sounds like he's asking a question. And immediately, the moment he does that, all the sounds come back. All the white noise, all the trains, all of the ambulance in the distance, the rustling wind. I couldn't even hear wind. In that moment, everything kind of comes back. It was almost like he had broke the silence. But what it sounded like to me, it was as though everything, the trees, the houses, the highway, just. Everything's just holding its breath for a moment or had been paused for a moment. And then it got broken by my loud cat, which is kind of funny, but it also kind of broke the fear in me hearing him. So I go outside, I pet him, I look around. Everything looks normal. But I go back inside, and I go back into the bathroom. I pick up the guitar, and I'm like, I'm. I got to get this song done so I can get some sleep. And I look at the clock, and it is 5am and. Which is crazy, you know, I go back outside, I look around, and, yeah, the light's starting to change. Like, the sun is coming up. And so I think I mentioned at the beginning, I started this at, like, 10pm I couldn't have played music for more than, you know, two hours tops. I don't even think that long. And listen to the silence for, like, I don't know, 10, 20 minutes maybe, just standing there with. With the knife in my underwear, just freaking myself out. And now somehow it's 5am which is bizarre because I'm thinking about the mirrored men, which are related to lost time. And I get into this zone about it. I'm playing this song about it, and then I lose, what, five hours of time all of a sudden? And, yeah, it freaked me out. So I was just like, I'm done for the night. I'll get back to the song later. I finished it the next day, but I'm a bit somewhat of a skeptic, you know? Like, I get a kick out of this kind of stuff. I like your podcast. That's the first time that I've noticed a time slip or anything or a lost time. And I don't really know what it means. I know that just from listening to your podcast and other ones. Some people have suggested that all the paranormal weird stuff is all kind of intertwined, and that the reason that it sets off this kind of spooky fear in us is because the. Whatever the fear part of your brain or the adrenaline that gets released, it somehow taps into this stuff. I don't know. I probably just freaked myself out because it was late at night and I was thinking about the mirrored men, but I thought it was worth sharing because it was kind of interesting. I've never heard that kind of silence before, and I'm really grateful for Gator for coming out and breaking it with his meow. I appreciate you. Talk to you later. Thanks, Derek. One by 1, 2 by 2, 3 by 3 one by 1 two by 2 three by 3.
