---
title: "Guardian Angel Lifts Car Back Onto Road"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-08
timestamp_start: 2022.5
timestamp_end: 2248.2
timestamp_display: "33:42 - 37:28"
caller: "Kelly from Washington"
type: "other"
location: "Montana"
source_lines: "55-55"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker A] Hi, Derek, my name is Kelly. I live in Washington State. However, the story I'm about to tell you happened actually in Montana, probably close to 50 plus years ago. It actually happened to My mother in law and my sister in law and my mother in law told me the story first. And my sister in law, I was so intrigued by the story, I asked her and she confirmed the same story through her eyes. So it starts with those two driving in Montana, and they were going up a mountainous or hilly region with a steep embankment down to the right of their vehicle. And in those days, at least in this section, there weren't guardrails along this embankment. And also in those days there wasn't a requirement to wear seat belts, which weren't as good as they are now, but they were still helpful. And I know my mother in law did not like wearing seat belts. So most likely she and or her daughter weren't wearing them at the time. Anyway, as they're going up this steep region, coming around the bend was a semi truck which had crossed over the center lane as it was coming around the corner and was going straight for them. And my mother in law, in reaction, veered off to the right down this steep embankment. And my mother in law is a very religious person. And so she was one of those people that practiced religiously, went to church all the time and devoted her life to her family and to her faith. So she began exclaiming, help us, God, oh Lord, help us, Lord, help us. As they're going down this hill. Because she knew it was certain death is there going down this bumpy, steep road. And they were going to die because, and that's, you know, the reality of it. How would they survive it, at least in her mind? And then the next second she knows she's on the road again going straight, not down that embankment. There was no way possible physically in our natural world that she could go one second down this hill and the next she's back on the road again. She looks over at her daughter, who was braced up against the glove compartment of the car with her hands on it with her head looking out the window with her mouth wide open in awe. And her daughter says to her, mama, Mama, an angel picked up the front of our car and put us back on the road again. And she swears to this day that's what happened. She's a schoolteacher, works with special children. She's an amazing lady. I trust her statement. I've known her for most of my life. And both of them, they're not people that would just tell a story like that. It truly happened to them. They both experienced it, they both told the story from their perspective with the slight difference of being my mother in law didn't see the being with wings like my sister in law did. She knew something happened because she couldn't explain it. To this day that story still gives me chivers and a good feeling inside that we're being watched over. And I just hope you can use my story. And I've been enjoying your podcast. Thank you.
