---
title: "BMW Appears Ahead After Taking Different Route"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 3283.6
timestamp_end: 3504.9
timestamp_display: "54:43 - 58:24"
caller: "Dale from Poquoson, Virginia"
type: "time_slip"
location: "Hampton, Virginia"
source_lines: "28-28"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hey Derek, My name is Dale and I'm from Pocos in Virginia. I've got a glitch in the Matrix story that's been bothering me for a couple of years now, and after hearing a couple of the glitch in the Matrix stories on the podcast, felt like ought to call in and share it with you. At least if nothing else to get it off my chest, one Saturday I was headed to work. My wife and I own a body shop in Hampton, Virginia. And I take the same way to work, same way home every day. Have done it for over 30 years now. And if folks want to see what I'm talking about, they can go to Google Maps and search Langley Air Force Base in Hampton, Virginia. It's right in the same area. And you'll see just south of Langley Air Force Base is Tidemill Lane. Now Tidemill Lane runs from, from North Armistead Avenue north eastward to LaSalle Avenue. And I take that route to work pretty much every day. One particular Saturday, it's nice, pretty sunny day, I'm heading to the shop and I'm following a blue BMW. It's a 3 series, light blue. But now let me preface that by saying I'm a car guy. I've been in the car business all my life. I've raced cars, I do a lot of stuff with the local racetrack, I'm in a lot of the car clubs, I know the car scene in the area. So I'm a car guy and I notice cars, I pay attention to cars. So they'll see just before LaSalle Avenue on Tide Mill, they'll see Tolar drive and this blue BMW had two people in it. They were relatively short, they had short black hair. I could see that. I mean they're right in front of me. They slowed up, made a right hand turn on this Toller Drive hundred yards up, I make a right hand turn on left La Salle Avenue, 55 mile an hour straight road and I go up 1.7 miles to the intersection of LaSalle and North Armistead and Derek right there, waiting to make a right hand turn is that same blue BMW, same two people in it, same short black hair and same license plate. Now all my cars have vanity plates on them. So I pay attention to special license plate plates. And the license plate was twin BMW. It was a Virginia plate. And Virginia, you can search license plates to see if they're available if you want to get a specialty plate. So once things, once I got, you know, kind of together and at the shop I, I pulled up the, the DMV website and I searched the twin BMW license plate and it was taken. So that means that plate obviously existed. Well, it's a possibility, possibility that Those people had two light blue BMWs, identical cars. So I searched license plate twin BMW spelling twin with a one instead of an I. Well that was available. So obviously that plate wasn't on one of their cars. And maybe I saw it backwards. So maybe it was BMW. Twin and twin BMW on license plates. You know, just trying to figure some different option. And both BMW twin spelled with an I or 1. Both of them were available. So the only license plate possible was twin BMW with the correct spelling. Derek, I got no idea what happened that day. All I knew was I saw the Same exact car 1.7 miles later. Same people, same license plate. You can look on Google Maps and there is no way they could wind around and get to that intersection before I did when it's a straight shot 55 miles an hour. If anybody's got an explanation, hey, I'm here to tell you, I'm all ears. But I know what I saw and I will swear on a stack of bibles what I experienced that day. So, hey, look, thanks for the podcast, love the new YouTube channel. And again, anybody's got any idea of what I saw, what I experienced, I'm all ears. Thanks.
