---
title: "Three Mirrored Men After UFO Sighting"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 3077.0
timestamp_end: 3346.9
timestamp_display: "51:16 - 55:46"
caller: "Anonymous from Florida"
type: "alien_encounter"
location: "Florida"
source_lines: "36-36"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker J] Hi Derek, I'm a 40 year old female from Florida. I've been listening to your podcast for a bit now. I've been listening from oldest to most recent. I sure have a lot of catching up to do. But I recently heard the stories about what you've dubbed the Mirrored Men. To be honest, I was shocked to hear that others have experienced something similar to what I've experienced. My girlfriend and I thoroughly enjoy walking in what little bit of wilderness we have left here in Florida, and once we explored all the little areas near to where we live, we began venturing out further from home. And sometimes we'd take a tent and sleeping bags so we could just camp. It was the fall of 2014 and we went far enough from home to do just that. This was a place we've explored multiple times, so we quickly found a decent spot to set up our tent and leave our gear so that we could explore without carrying any extra weight. After getting that squared away around 1pm, we set out walking. We'd been walking for, I don't know, maybe like 30 minutes when my girlfriend grabbed my arm and began pointing for me to look at something. It was in the distance and it appeared to be falling behind the trees. With this object falling or descending behind trees, I couldn't see many details other than it had an amber glow and appeared to be large and spherical. My immediate thought was that it was a meteor or something of that nature. We decided to walk in that general direction to see if we could find anything at all. After walking for an hour or so, she abruptly stopped right in front of me and I heard her gasp. I looked up to see what appeared to be like three men who looked exactly alike. I'm not sure if you've had calls that described their attire, but while it was obvious they were dressed in a very dark or black colored outfit, I really couldn't tell what exactly they were wearing. It seemed like it was a one piece suit with without individual legs being visible, but it just didn't flow like a robe. It's hard to explain this since it just wasn't natural. I noticed no fabric moving at all, but I could tell they were taking steps. Neither of us moved at all and of course they were so close when we noticed them that the obvious obviously knew we were there as well. They moved in unison from west to east across their path until they were directly in front of us, at which point they all turned their heads and looked at us. They were close enough that I could see their faces pretty well and the best way I can describe them is completely expressionless and hairless with almost a plastic or fake appearance. When I looked at them, my mind was screaming run. But I couldn't get my legs to work and neither could my girlfriend. I guess we were just frozen from fear or shock. Literally. The next thing I know my girlfriend is crying and asking me what happened. It was completely dark outside. It was approximately 2:30 or 3:00 clock in the afternoon when we encounter these men and then suddenly it was pitch black when we finally got back to our tent, which took way too long. Then may what? Too much longer than it should have. All we had was a flashlight when we finally got back to our tent, which took much longer than it should have. With just a flashlight, we grabbed our things and made our way back to the car so we could leave. I did a lot of research after that to try to determine what happened to us and what it was we had seen, but I didn't have any luck. I'd always go back to the idea of extraterrestrial, you know, men in black type beings. We both just tried to push it to the back of our minds and forget it. So you can imagine my shock when I heard that some someone experience something similar. I really hope there are more stories similar to this that I haven't heard yet so that maybe we can try to understand it more. I wouldn't wish seeing those men on anyone, but it's sure nice to know that I am not alone.
