---
title: "Green Light Missing Time and Small Beings"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-15
timestamp_start: 2514.7
timestamp_end: 2802.7
timestamp_display: "41:54 - 46:42"
caller: "Jay from Canada"
type: "alien_encounter"
location: "Canada"
source_lines: "61-61"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker H] Hey, Derek. My name's Jay. I am from Canada. The story has to do with a group of us that went out to a country road. And I was in the passenger seat of the car my friend Greg was driving. We were both looking at each other talking about stuff. There was two guys in the back of the car, one guy, his head down, the other guy was looking kind of forward. This is about 10:30 at night in the summer and right in the front of the car, the brightest light that we've ever seen. It was unexplainable. It was kind of a whity green, but it was really bright and it seemed to last for probably about six to seven seconds and then it just vanished. And we were all super confused of what was going on. We looked around, turned the lights on in the car to look at each other and she was like, what the heck was that? And Greg's left side of his face because he was the driver, his left side of his face was completely red. The other side of his face was white. We're Caucasian. And my right side of my face was red and the left side of my face was white. And the guy that had his head down, he was completely same color as he was previous. And the guy that was looking forward, his entire face was red. And it seemed to be a time lapse thing too because looked like it was 11:35 when we kind of were like, what the hell is going on? And what we're like, we got to get the out of here. Sorry about the language. And we started driving and everything seemed to be going really slow but fast at the same time. And it looked like we were going to run into the back of some sort of vehicle. And my buddy slammed on the brakes and this vehicle just appeared out of nowhere and then it just disappeared. And there was just a pop can blowing down this country road in the middle of the road like, what the heck is going on? And I looked out to the right side of the vehicle in the field. I swore I could see these probably about 4 foot tall darker beings they were because they were in the grass through the Tree line. But they were walking around this field. I just yelled out, like, get out of here. Let's go, let's go, let's go. And we got out of there, and we stopped in town, and we were like, I don't know what just happened, but we can't tell anybody about that because that was completely weird. And Greg's mom, she owned a New Age store, and there was a lot of spiritual people in the store. Anyway, it was about a week later we went to Greg's house. He lived down in the city with his mom. We knocked on the door, and his mom, Carol, answered the door, and she looked at me, and she just smiled this huge smile. She was an amazing woman. She's passed on now. She passed away from cancer, but she was very intuitive. And she just looked at me and she's like, huh, You've been touched by the light. That's special. And she turned around and walked away. And two minutes later, Greg came to the door. And we're like, dude, did you tell your mom about that stuff? And he's like, no, I haven't told anybody about it. And so I'm like, she just came up to me and said that I was touched by the light. And this happened when we were in our 20s and I'm now 51. I just texted him today and reiterated that evening to him. And he was like, yeah, maybe that comet is the reason why our faces turned red and the little people are the ones that touched us. And that sort of blows me away. Anyway, that area of that country road had government signs of do not trespass, don't access. And they were actual government signs that have been put up same time period. Anyway, that's my story. Thanks for listening, and hopefully this makes it on your show. Have a good day.
