---
title: "Football-Shaped UFO Hovers Over Caballo Lake"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 193.9
timestamp_end: 661.7
timestamp_display: "3:13 - 11:01"
caller: "Aliyah from Texas"
type: "ufo"
location: "Caballo Lake, New Mexico"
source_lines: "4-4"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hi, my name is Aliyah and I was born and raised in El Paso, Texas. The event that happened happened in 1986, and it included. It was three couples and two children, and we were all witnesses. It was Labor Day weekend, like I said, 1986, and we had made plans to go spend the weekend at Caballo national park, the lake there in New Mexico. I had been there many times before as a child, and the lake Is sort of separated. There's a lake or there used to be a camping area which was located on the east side down to the south end of the lake. And then there were cabins, mobile slash mobile homes located on the opposite side which would be, you know, the west side. Okay, so I was very familiar, had been there many, many times in my life. Anyway, so we got there, we unpacked. The cabin that we were staying at was actually owned by one of the gentlemen who we were with and it belonged to his parents. Anyway, so we unpacked, you know, wait, lunch, of course, we drove there in two cars, so. And kids playing around, whatever. And then eventually throughout the day it got evening. So we, we barbecued our dinner and we were hanging out after dinner. The guys were hanging out by the grill with what was left of the coals. And we women were sitting at a picnic table. I was facing the lake, so my back was to the cabin. And the two other women, their backs were to the lake, but they were facing the cabin and we were hanging out, talking. The other mother, there was two children there. One was mine, three year old boy and hers was a four year old boy. So the other mother and I were not drinking any alcohol because we were so close to the edge of the water and we had, you know, rambunctious children. We, you know, concerned for safety. So can't say that I was drunk or anything like that. Anyway, after a while, of course, the sun went down and it was evening, it was night. It was a very clear, beautiful evening, very comfortable. And I began to feel the sensation that somebody was watching me. And sometimes I know when you're camping and you're sitting by a fire or whatever in the darkness, you can feel sort of like, oh, I feel like someone's watching me. That sort of a feeling. I didn't say anything to anybody. I just, you know, would turn around, look behind me and just sort of, you know, okay, get past it. As the evening progressed, right, Everything was fine. I continued to feel like somebody was watching me. And it started to really bother me. So eventually I said something. I said, well, you know, this is really weird, but I keep having the sensation like someone's watching me or watching us, like kind of hoping that maybe they would say, oh yeah, me too, or no, no, no, no. So one of the other women who was the partner of the young man whose parents owned the cabin said, oh, well, you know, they say that a veteran who used to live in the cabin committed suicide, shot himself with a shotgun. So maybe that's what you're, you know, picking up. And I thought, well, you know, yeah, could be. Maybe that's what's bothering me. Maybe that is it. Okay, So I let it go. So we started, you know, it was getting late. I would say midnight, maybe a little bit past. And, you know, the kids were still playing. And I know that in my mind I was thinking, okay, time to wind down. Yeah, maybe we should call it a night or whatever. And suddenly, for some reason, I looked up over the heads of the two women in front of me and I saw this object. So I don't know, I just reacted. I stood up and I pointed at it and I said, what in the f is that? So everyone kind of looked around. Everyone turned around at what I was pointing at. The ladies stood up. The guys were already standing by the grill. And it was just this object hovering over the lake water, completely silent. Anyway, I looked at it and I started to survey it and survey the situation. And I looked for windows because I thought, okay, there's got to be, you know, maybe there's somebody in. I don't know. I didn't see any windows. I did see three lights. From my point of view, it was three lights. They were located on the sides. And it was like a football shaped object and it was about the size of a school bus. It was very close to the water. It was about 20 to 25ft above the water. And I would say about 30ft away from where I was standing. I mean, like, I remember having the sensation that, wow, I could practically walk over to it and touch it if it weren't for the water that separated us. It didn't make any sound whatsoever. I looked underneath it at the water. The water was not making any. It wasn't causing the water to move at all. And one of the guys, not my partner, but one of the guys, said, oh, that's a satellite. And I said, that is not a satellite. There's no way that's a satellite. And we just kind of stood there. And after a few seconds, about 10, 15 seconds later, it started to move north, just slowly moving north up the length, the length of the lake. We all just stood there. And the guy who said, oh, it's a satellite, repeated it. That's a satellite. That's a satellite. And I said again, that is not a satellite. And so we stood there and watched it go up the length of the lake until it was pretty good distance away. And then it suddenly just shot up diagonally up into the sky and disappeared without making sound. The Entire time. And we all just sort of stood there in awe, in disbelief. I was shocked. And we all just sort of like looked around at each other and, okay, you know, let's go to bed. So we went to bed, and the next morning I wanted to talk about it. I was like, what was that thing? You know? And people were upset. They didn't want to talk about it. My husband, my partner told me, you need to just be quiet. So anyway, well, you know what? We're, you know, everyone there was a consensus. Let's leave, let's go. Nobody wanted to hang out there anymore. So we packed up our stuff, packed up our cars, and we drove back to El Paso. In the time since then, I tried to talk about it with people. Nobody wanted to talk about it. That same guy insisted that it was a satellite. One time that I spoke to him or tried to bring it up, he did not want to speak about it. In the years since then, my husband at the time had joined the air force. And one night I decided to bring it up to him and see if he was willing to discuss it. And we started talking about it, and he was willing, and he agreed with me that that was definitely some kind of object that we were not familiar with. And he, being in the air force, did not know of any kind of object that he knew of that the military had, at least the air, not the air force. And that he felt that it was also what I felt, just very interesting, strange experience that we all shared. So that's all I wanted to tell you. So thank you. And if anyone has had a similar close and practically close encounter, I'd love to hear it. Thank you.
