---
title: "Large Bright Star with Blinking Lights"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 1718.9
timestamp_end: 2003.1
timestamp_display: "28:38 - 33:23"
caller: "Anonymous from Kansas"
type: "ufo"
location: "Eudora, Kansas"
source_lines: "13-13"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker A] Thank you. Jennifer there's just something about haunted halls of education. I do not recall any stories of my elementary, middle or high schools being haunted, but I can recall half a dozen or so examples of paranormal activity on my college campus. In fact, it seems there are more than a few examples of paranormal activity on college campuses across the country. I think maybe I smell a special episode brewing. If your alma mater has a legendary spirit, shoot me the tail. Perhaps this will be a fun way to celebrate the return of school in the fall. Thanks again Jennifer for the call. It certainly seems that the activity coincides with the legends at your place of learning. Our next call has us looking upward. The following written submission was submitted anonymously from the State of Kansas hello, I saw something on July 24, 2017 in Eudora, Kansas at 4:30am I was waiting for my son to get home. I was looking out the living room window and I saw a large bright star that I thought was the North Star at first. It was larger though and in the east I saw it drop briefly a little ways and three lights blink around it. They were much smaller lights. I kept watching and it appeared to move like a kite would move on a string, all different directions floating but staying relatively in the same small location. When my son got home I had him look and it freaked him out. Anyhow, I watched it for approximately an hour and a half because I wanted to see if it left. I fell asleep and never saw it disappear, so I don't know how it left the sky. Incidentally, I tried recording it on my iPhone and it just wouldn't record or show up in my camera. All I can say is it was something I'd never seen before and it was definitely memorable. My son and I don't talk about it. It was so unusual that it made us uncomfortable and we haven't talked about it since. I appreciate the time. Well, thank you for the submission. This seems to be the same phenomenon that we discussed early on in season five, these seemingly moving stars. In the past calls, witnesses described a star that seemed to dance slightly in all directions but never leaving the same small area. Many have proposed, including myself, that the star is not moving, but instead our eyes are given the vast contrast, such as a bright star over a black sky. Our eyes have a difficult time focusing, causing the item we are trying to see to appear to move. As I stated in past episodes, I am certainly no eye doctor, but from what I've researched This seems to be a logical explanation for this phenomenon. Perhaps someone that witnessed these dancing stars can also train a camera on them at the same time. If the star does not move in the footage, then I think we have our answer. Now who out there has a great camera in a steady tripod? Thanks again for the submission. This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. You chose to hit play on today's podcast. That was a smart choice and Progressive loves to help people make smart choices. That's why they offer a tool called Auto Quote Explorer that allows you to compare your Progressive car insurance quotes with rates from other companies. So you save time time on research which allows you to enjoy the savings when you choose the best rate for you. Give it a try after this episode@progressive.com Progressive Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy I didn't even realize I was wasting $415 a month until I downloaded Rocket Money. I thought I had my finances under control until the app laid out all my spending and categorized it for me. Takeout shopping and unused subscriptions were quietly draining my account and as a result, my savings took a back seat. But Rocket Money doesn't just tell you what you're wasting money on, it takes action to save you money. First, the app looks at your income and monthly expenses and calculates how much you can safely spend each day to stay under budget. Rocket Money also finds and cancels unwanted subscriptions for you and even negotiates better rates on your bills so you have more money in your pocket. On average, Rocket Money members can save up to $740 a year when using all the app's premium features. Users love the app with over 186,000 five star ratings. It's time to simplify your finances and take control of your Money. Go to RocketMoney.com Cancel to get started. That's RocketMoney.com Cancel RocketMoney.com Cancel our next call is a bit of a follow up from a previous witness of the creature we call Sasquatch. This is Sean's call from California.
