---
title: "Three Figures in Black Moving Stealthily at Campground"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 2469.7
timestamp_end: 2907.6
timestamp_display: "41:09 - 48:27"
caller: "Catherine from Washington State"
type: "other"
location: "Needle District Campground, Canyonlands, Utah"
source_lines: "31-31"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hi Derek, this is Catherine calling from Washington State. This happened back in September when I was on a trip with my boyfriend down in southern Utah, near Moab, the Canyonlands area. Specifically. Specifically the Needle Campground, the Needle District Campground. There's a few districts of Canyonlands, if you're familiar with that area. So we were walking to the bathroom. It was a full moon. The bathroom was probably about 200ft away from our campsite. And the campsites in that campground are on a little road. So everyone walks on the road to the bathroom. But most people had campers, you know, so they, they weren't using the restrooms, just a few people were. So it wasn't a super popular place. But you'd see someone come up every now and then. And our campsite was one of the closer ones to the bathroom. Okay, so we're walking to the bathroom. We get there, the men's comes up first on your left, and the women's is a little bit further down on the left. In between is like a wash station. So my boyfriend turns off to go to the men's restroom, right then I see. And I've kind of seen them before, that three figures walking on the road. And I can see them because of the moonlight. We have headlamps on, but we just left them off because you've been to Utah, when it's a full moon, you can see everything. I mean, it's really, really easy to see. So you really just need the headlamp for the bathroom, which is dark. And so I see these three people, and I am a very cautious person. So him and I are out in the wilderness a lot. I just like to keep tabs on people around me, what's going on. So I turn on my headlamp to go into the bathroom, and I just kind of lightly flash it up just to see these three people, to see, like, if I recognize them. I also would kind of curious about talking to a park ranger. And it was a little bit weird to see three people walking because, like I said, you'd see, like, one person, maybe two, but hardly ever come to the bathroom. And they were walking towards an end of the campground that didn't have very many sites. I think there was, like, two sites down there. So as I shine my light up, I don't see them anymore. So I brought my light back down really quickly, turned it off, and I look over, and I can see them again in the moonlight. And now I'm looking closer, and it almost looks like they're wearing the same thing or they. They, like, all three look alike, and they're walking across the road, and there's, like, shadow on the left side of the road where the bathroom is, because there's tree cover, but you can see the floor, full road in the moonlight. There's just shadow to the left, and then to the right of the road from my perspective is, like, kind of flatter desert terrain. So you can see out there with no trees. Okay. So I turned my light on again, because now I'm kind of creeped out. And I shine it at them. And I know that that's not very good etiquette for in a campground. So I felt kind of bad about that. But I was, like, a little bit creeped out, and I shine it on them, and I realized I can see them now, but they're all wearing black. Like, their faces are covered in black. They're wearing black. They're and they're holding something in their hand, one of them. So that really creeps me out even further. I turn my light off again because I can almost see them better in the moonlight. And now I realize when my light is off, they are running towards me. When I turn my headlamp on again, I see them stop and hold perfectly still. So, because I'm still not really sure what I'm seeing, I turn my light off again to see them in the perspective of the moonlight again. And I can see them moving quickly towards me, you know, like, I don't know if they were, like, full sprint, but they were definitely walking really quickly, moving quickly, but maybe kind of quietly. And again, I can see that one of them in their hand had something like a baseball bat, but it looks more like a club. I mean, I don't know if I'm just imagining that because it was kind of scary, but that's what it looked like. Maybe a big water bottle. I don't know. And so I turned my light back on, and this is all happened really quickly, you know, because I'm pretty freaked out. And I started backing up at this point towards the men's side of the restroom, which is a little. Not far, but maybe like 30ft or so from the women's women. So I shine my light on and I just leave it on. And I'm looking at them, and I can see them holding still. I can see, like, where their eyes are, but I can't really see their eyes very well. Just kind of where they would be on this, like, black mass. And the best I can describe their clothing was it looked like it was built to, like, move in. It looked like it was maybe, like, military kind of kind of style. Not necessarily military, actual military wear, but that style where it's, like, built to, like, be stealthy and, like, hold things and be able to move easily in where it, like, fits you well and isn't baggy at all. So that's the best way I can describe their clothing. And it was all black. And for some reason, when I shine my light on them, they just completely stopped moving. So that was how I created distance between us. Just left my light on, kept my back towards the men's restroom, backed up, called out my boyfriend's name a bunch of times. Meanwhile, from a campsite on the other side of the bathroom towards the women, a man came walking out. And I don't think he even saw these people because you know how a headlamp makes you only see what's in Your direct line of vision. And he had a headlamp on. So I don't know even. Even think he saw what I was looking at. And he walked by me. Meanwhile, my boyfriend came out. I turned to him, I say, oh, my God. Oh, my God, you know, you need to see this. And I was like, I'm, like, kind of freaked out. And of course, by the time he listens to what I'm saying and we like, look over there, these three people were gone. I would describe them as athletic build. I don't think they are like anything paranormal. I don't know. I just thought it was one of the strangest things I've ever experienced. I guess the best way I could explain it is they felt very ordinary. It's just their actions didn't make any sense. And I felt extremely threatened. And one of the weirdest things about this moment was there was something in my head that told me, just get to where you're with someone, because they won't necessarily with you if you're with someone. And I don't know if that's just my own mind telling me that I'll be safe if I'm with my boyfriend, hoping. But that's really what my intuition was screaming at me. And I never saw him again. I walked to the bathroom plenty of times by myself. Never saw this. I've never heard of anything like this. I looked it up. I know Utah is kind of a weird place, but again, three people dressed in all black walking from a part of the campground where it's like the. The wilderness. The entrance to the wilderness. There's actually a trailhead right there. Please, someone help me. I have no idea what this was. Thanks, Derek.
