---
title: "Mirrored Men in Fiji and Dog Senses Entity"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 193.9
timestamp_end: 454.5
timestamp_display: "3:13 - 7:34"
caller: "Eric from California"
type: "other"
location: "Fiji"
source_lines: "5-5"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker E] Hey Derek, this is Eric. I've called in before and thank you for sharing what I left a message about on your show. Driving by Redlands and Palm Springs desert area. So figured I'd throw on the show and I heard some stuff about Mirrored man and I realized that I may have had an experience secondhand. So it was around May 2011 or 2012. I was in Beechey in the South Pacific in a very rural part, not very luxurious or anything like that. I was there with a bunch of college students, three of them that I was pretty close with. You know, I think they were like the cool kids you know, they were out and about after dark when most of us were in our, you know, getting ready for bed and stuff. But they came back upstairs to the facilities. We were at two story place, a little clinic, medical clinic on the first floor, and then a couple of rooms up top to house us all. And they were freaked out. They were. They were really scared. And you're kind of just buzzing. I'm like, what are you guys talking about? They're like, these three guys just came up to us, you know, these three things. Like, I'm like, what are you talking about? And they're like, I'm like, are you talking about Fijian men? You know, like, they're black people with darker skin. Are you talking about that? And they were like, no, like just three things. And we went on this whole conversation about extraterrestrials, but they were pretty freaked out. They didn't really want to talk about it too much because apparently just three male looking humanoid figures came out of this Fijian jungle. There was a clearing behind where we were staying and I guess approached them. No words were said, but they were definitely shaken up. And another instance I've had more recently here on the 4th of July, which I know dogs get paranoid with the fireworks and stuff. Ironically enough, my dog is a rescue and suffers from anxiety 100%, 99% of the time, but that 1% is on the 4th of July, and the fireworks simply don't bother him. So we spent the day at the beach with family and we get back about two hours inland in California, and I get to my home where him and I live alone, and we're in bed. The lights are on and I'm getting ready to turn them off, but my dog starts crying. He starts whimpering like he's looking at the ceiling. His eyes are darting back and forth, back and forth. And I had felt uneasy upon coming home and just being home. I thought it was maybe from the coffee I drank for the road trip, but I realized, no. I've had a feeling like this before when an object actually was kind of thrown at me, slammed at me. But it's been several years and I guess I have to start listening to my intuition because my dog's intuition, I mean, his eyes, the way he was crying, it didn't make any sense. I mean, I wasn't seeing anything. However, I did notice it seemed like there was like a static hate moving around my apartment. So needless to say, I grabbed my Bible, started reading out loud, and I prayed over my dog. And eventually, I mean, after about an hour, I mean, my dog was freaked out, and that kind of made me upset. I just got authoritarian and I asked whatever it was, I told her it wasn't welcome and that it had to leave. And within 60 seconds, this huge feeling of relief came over me. And my dog as well was able to settle down. So I know there's been earthquakes. There was two fourth of July and the day after. I don't think it was anything like that. The house wasn't rumbling. To me, maybe it was an aftershock or something. But even during the earthquake, that's not how my dog reacts. So I know their magnetic field is pretty strong and things like that. Probably sensitive to things, but I also believe he's pretty sensitive to paranormal. And I really did not appreciate something like that being in my house. I'd been gone for about three days, but who knows? Maybe my neighbors in the apartment building, you know, had brought something home, which I feel like I've experienced before as well, but grateful to have my pup. And that was my marriage experience as well. Going down in beachy South Pacific. Love the show. Keep doing what you're doing. And congratulations on your marriage, man. Congrats. All right, bye.
