---
title: "Triangle UFO Follows Car on Rural Street"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 225.8
timestamp_end: 465.1
timestamp_display: "3:45 - 7:45"
caller: "Chloe from Texas"
type: "ufo"
location: "Texas"
source_lines: "5-5"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker D] Hi Derek, this is Chloe from Texas. Don't really want to say the town because I'm a substitute teacher here and I don't want anybody thinking I'm loony, but. So a couple years back, I was driving to a friend's house, you know, just kind of taking my time driving around. I live in a small town, so sometimes we just cruise the roads. There's not a whole lot to do out here. But I'm driving and it's not like I'm in the middle of nowhere. You know, our town has about a thousand people in it, but, you know, it's. It's not super rural. It's suburbs. And as I'm driving, it's a familiar street. Street I used to live on when I was a kid. I look up above this old house, I see these three orange lights. And they weren't incandescent like street lights, or bright, bright orange like LEDs. They. They glowed like. Like fire light, almost like embers. And I'm looking at these lights and, you know, it's late November, early December, about. It's 2016, you know, but right around Christmas time, I'm thinking, oh, you know, maybe some kid get an early Christmas present and flying a drone or something like that, looking at these lights, and they're pretty close together, so it looks like whatever they're. Whatever object they're on the bottom of can't be more than, you know, two or three feet across. And then out of nowhere, they spread out. They just kind of shoot out into a triangular formation. And suddenly this thing is. I. I don't know, it's. You know, it's got to be 100ft across. It's swallowing the sky over this house, and it's just black. You can't see the. See the stars behind it, you know, and it's pretty clear out here, so you can see. You can see all the stars at night. There's not a lot of light pollution, but you couldn't see any of the stars behind whatever these lights were. And so I'm looking at it, and I'm kind of creeping along beside it, you know, having my Richard Dreyfus in Close Encounters moment, thinking I'm gonna get a sunburn on half of my face in any moment. And I'm looking up at it, thinking, surely I'm not looking at a ufo. Surely I'm not, you know, But I. I get this feeling that. I don't know, like it's. It's looking back at me, you know, and all the hair on my arm stands up and it feels like staticky. And it was just so Quiet and still. None of the birds or. Or locusts or crickets are making any sound anymore. And I'm following it, and it. It's just kind of hovering. So I'm driving along beside it. It's just kind of hovering, and then it starts creeping alongside my car and just keeping pace with me, you know, it's just keeping pace. And at this point, I'm getting pretty freaked out and thinking, you know, I. I better go ahead and get on to my friend's house and. But I can't stop looking at it, and I can't shake the feeling that it's looking back at me, you know, and so I followed it for probably 100 yards, just cruising. We were going northbound on the street, and then all of a sudden, it just veers off and heads off towards the east. And I watched it until I couldn't see it anymore. It just kind of shrunk off into the horizon. And I never told anybody about it. I just went on to my friend's house, and when she asked why I was late, I told her I had go home because I forgot something. But, yeah, it was weird. After that, I had headaches for a while out of nowhere, like right behind my right eyebrow. And I don't know, it sounds crazy, but I couldn't shake the feeling that maybe I'd really seen something. Anyways, I love the show. Keep doing what you're doing. I'm sure I'll be calling back because this kind of crazy stuff seems to find me. But love what you're doing and keep it up. Thanks.
