---
title: "Medusa Shadow Figure With Red Eyes and Writhing Hair"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 920.6
timestamp_end: 1157.4
timestamp_display: "15:20 - 19:17"
caller: "Winona from Ventura County, California"
type: "shadow_person"
location: "San Fernando Valley, California"
source_lines: "8-8"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hi Derek, my name is Winona. I'm calling from Ventura County, California, and I've got a story for you that I would really like your input on. You've talked about the Shadow People and like Hatman before, and through this podcast I've now heard stories about the Glimmer man. And I have a story that sort of falls under both categories, but it's still really hard to explain what I saw. So here it goes. This was back when I was very young. I was four or five years old. I was living with my family in the San Fernando Valley area at the time. And it was somewhere between like 8 and 10 o' clock at night. I was supposed to be asleep, but I was pretty restless. I could hear my parents in the living room watching what must have been a pretty funny movie because every now and then they'd start laughing and. And I was just trying really hard to listen in and hear what they were watching and kind of participate a little bit. But as I was laying there and very much not asleep, I saw somebody peek into my room. And at first I thought it was my mom and she was just checking in on me, seeing if I was asleep yet. And I thought that she was going to be upset that I was still awake at such a late time for a five year old. And so I look over and it was not my mom. It was this very dark, just blacker than you've ever seen, black figure that was in the shape of a woman that had bright red eyes and this very thick outline on it that looked like static. So just this whole static outline surrounding every part of its body, but then the inside was just this dark, dark black, red eyes. And then the scariest part to me, as if it could get scarier, was looking at her head. There were these writhing strands, these thick, writhing strands also surrounded in the static outline of hair that were just constantly wiggling and shaking. And so to me, like, you know, I was just a little kid, I thought I was looking at Medusa. So I panicked. And I was thinking, I need to look away. She's going to turn me to stone. Like I'm going to die. And I didn't know what to do. I was just paralyzed and I couldn't move. And we were just staring at each other so it would seem like forever. And then my parents, they started laughing so loudly, like something very funny must have happened because they laughed louder than they had laughed previously. And this thing reacts. It looks down the hallway towards where our living room would have been and like looks around, kind of seeing if somebody's coming that way, turns back at me and quickly just dashes off. And as it runs away, it runs towards my parents room and my baby sister, who might have been two at the time. Shortly after it runs towards their room, I hear her start crying. And that was very validating. And so then I start crying and then my parents inevitably get up and are asking what happened. And I didn't know what to say other than I saw Medusa and she scared me. Medusa was in my room. And to this day I don't remember too, too much from when I was a little kid, like that whole five and younger age. Some of my memories are pretty fuzzy, but this is so distinct and it has stuck with me. And I always wonder, what was that? Because it's not quite a shadow person. I've never heard of anybody else seeing this Medusa, like Shadow Woman. And yeah, I was just really curious what you thought and what the listeners think it might be and if anybody else has seen anything similar. So that's my story and thank you so much for your podcast. It's been great keeping me company as I prepare for a big move to the Bay Area. And it's also just been great hearing other people's stories and learning new things, like the Glimmer Man. Thanks, Bye.
