---
title: "Whistle Mimic at Haunted Restaurant"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-15
timestamp_start: 1876.7
timestamp_end: 2063.5
timestamp_display: "31:16 - 34:23"
caller: "Stacy from Vermont"
type: "ghost"
location: "Westover, Vermont"
source_lines: "38-38"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker D] Hi, Derek. This is Stacy from Southern Vermont. This happened in Westover, Vermont, at a restaurant that I used to work at called the Last Chair. So basically, this place does have history. It is haunted. The paranormal investigators of New England have come out and Investigated it. I got to investigate it with them as well. There's nothing, you know, malevolent or anything there, but there's definitely some things there. So my story is, I was working one evening, and at the time, we had this area kind of by these stairs that was kind of in the middle of the restaurant. There was an unopened part of a sister restaurant that we have that's kind of on the other side of the stairs. Anyways, these stairs give everyone an eerie feeling, including me, including the investigators. But anyways, at that time, we had our backup kind of supplies there. And so I went over because I had to grab some backup, like kitty cups. And during that time, I didn't have an eerie feeling at all when I went over there. Usually I feel like someone is standing on the stairwell watching me. However, this time, nothing like that. Now, we weren't allowed to be on our phone, but I'm like, I'm stepping away. We're not busy. I wanted to check my phone, so I was about to pull it out of my apron, and then all of a sudden, I heard a whistle. It was my boss's whistle. And so I didn't take my phone out because I'm like, okay, well, he's there. I'm not going to take my phone out. And then I. I don't see him. So then I'm like, well, that's kind of weird, but okay, I'm gonna walk over. And I bet you anything he's not in the kitchen right now, because that night he was working in the kitchen, doing expo on the line. And so I thought for sure there was no way he was going to be in the kitchen. I walk over. He is standing in the kitchen. So I go in and I say, hey, were you just next door or, you know, upstairs? There is an upstairs, like, loft area. Even though I knew there was no way he could have gotten from that part of the restaurant back over to the kitchen without me seeing him. And he said, no, I've been in here. And I said, well, is anyone else supposed to be over there? He's like, no. So we go over. There is no one in the lower part, the other side of the restaurant, there was no one upstairs. And actually, as a matter of fact, as soon as we went upstairs, the hair on the back of his arm stood up and he had goofbumps. And I did see that. So that was something kind of crazy that happened. It reminds me of, like, a mimic, because it sounded just like his whistle. Enough for me to not take my phone out because I. I thought he was, you know, in the vicinity right there. So, yeah, thanks so much, Derek. Have a great day.
