---
title: "Red Rectangle Closes Like Door in Night Sky"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 2064.0
timestamp_end: 2288.0
timestamp_display: "34:24 - 38:07"
caller: "Jeff from Upstate New York"
type: "ufo"
location: "Upstate New York"
source_lines: "36-36"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] Hey Derek. This is Jeff from New York, not the city of upstate New York, small town along the Pennsylvania border. And I've been listening to the podcast for about six months now. I'm almost caught up, but I haven't heard anything quite like my situation. So like many people, I figured I'd send it to you and see if you or any of the listeners know of something familiar or similar, I should say. This took place in August of 2016. My house faces the front door of my house faces to the east and I was out in the evening. It was August 18th, I believe it's the middle of August, and this was late in the evening. It was 8:30, 9 o', clock, shortly before I was going to bed. And it was a semi cloudy, probably shouldn't say cloudy, sort of hazy sky sort of night, but you could still see some of the stars. And definitely the moon was shining through the whatever cloud cover there was, and it was already well overhead. Looking to the east from my front porch, I noticed a what I could only describe as a red rectangle hanging in the sky. Looking east from my house. There's a bit of a small valley that goes for probably not even a half mile and then a ridge. This was above that ridge. And to get rid of the distortion of the street lights, I walked across the street to see what it was I was seeing. And when I got on the other side of that, I could see it a little better. It was up in the air. There was all I could describe as just a rectangle. I don't mean a square, like it was a shape. It was just like there was a red rectangle up in the sky and I didn't freeze up like a lot of people do. I quickly grabbed my camera out of my pocket, my phone, and opened it up to the camera and zoomed in and took a picture of it. And then I thought to myself, you know, maybe I should be taking video in case something happens. And so in the amount of time it took for me to lower my phone a little bit and pull up the menu and switch from still picture to video while I was doing that, the red rectangle, I don't know any other way to describe it, closed from left to right. And I mean it was like a straight line on the left. It was as if you were looking at an elevator door closing one moment it was a wide rectangle and then in under two second stops it just shrunk from left to right on a direct vertical line until it closed and it was gone and it was just the sky. That happened before I get video, but I did have the picture. The only word that came to mind for me in terms of what it could be if it was something paranormal, was like a dimension door or something. I am emailing you the original picture along with a daytime picture from the same spot to show that there is nothing up in the air above that ridge. So I'm open to any suggestions as to what would explain this. I wish I had video of it closing. I did not see any ships. I want to make that clear. I didn't see any UFOs, I didn't see anything that looked like craft or aliens or anything. It was just this ridge, red rectangular spot or light that closed. So I'll send the photos off to you and thanks for doing the show and keep up the great work and maybe somebody's seen something like this besides me. Take care.
