---
title: "Three Identical Men After UFO Sighting"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 5460.7
timestamp_end: 5805.2
timestamp_display: "1:31:00 - 1:36:45"
caller: "Anonymous from Florida"
type: "alien_encounter"
location: "Florida"
source_lines: "67-67"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker A] Like the mirrored men, Monsters Among Us has its own secrets Nearly every week after the outro, I try to include one last story for those that stick around, and tonight is no different. Tonight's submission comes to us from the state of Florida from an anonymous source. Hi Derek, I'm a 40 year old female from Florida. I've been listening to your podcast for a bit now, in order from oldest to most recent. I still have a lot of catching up to do, but I recently heard the stories about what you dubbed the Mirrored Man. To be honest, I was shocked to hear that others had experienced experienced something similar to what I experienced. My girlfriend and I thoroughly enjoy walking in what little bit of wilderness we have left here in Florida, and once we've explored all the little areas close to where we live multiple times, we began venturing out further from home. And sometimes we take a tent and sleeping bags so we can just camp. In the fall of 2014, we went far enough from home to do just that. It was a place we've explored multiple times, so we quickly found a decent spot to set up our tent and leave our gear so that we could explore without carrying any extra weight. After getting that squared away around 1pm, we set out walking. We had been walking for maybe 30 minutes when my girlfriend grabbed my arm and began pointing for me to look at something in the distance that appeared to be falling behind the trees. With this object falling or descending behind the trees, I couldn't see many details other than it had an amber glow and appeared to be large and spherical. My immediate thought was that it was a meteor or something of that nature. We decided to walk in that general direction to see if we could find anything at all. After walking for an hour or so, she abruptly stopped right in front of me and I heard her gasp. I looked up to see what appeared to be three men who looked exactly alike. I'm not sure if you had calls that described their attire, but while it was obvious they were all dressed in a very dark or black colored outfit, I couldn't tell you exactly what they were wearing. It seemed like a one piece suit without individual legs being visible, but it didn't flow like a robe. It's really hard to put the clothing into words since it just wasn't natural. I noticed no fabric moving and I could tell they were taking steps, if that makes any sense. Neither of us moved at all, of course, but they were so close when we noticed them that they obviously knew we were there. They moved in unison from west to east across our path until they were directly in front of us, at which point they all turned their heads and looked at us. They were close enough that I could see their faces pretty well, and the best way I can describe them is expressionless and hairless with an almost plastic or fake appearance. When they looked up, my mind was screaming run. But I couldn't and she couldn't either. I guess maybe we were just frozen in fear or shock. Literally. The next thing I know my girlfriend is crying and asks me what happened and it's completely dark outside. It was approximately 2:30 to 3:00pm when we encountered these men and suddenly it was completely dark. When we finally got back to our tent, which took much longer with just a flashlight, we grabbed our things and made our way to the car so we could leave. I did a lot of research after that to try to determine what happened to us and what it was we had seen, but didn't have much luck. I would always go back to the idea of extraterrestrial men in black type beings. We both just tried to push it to the back of our minds and forget it. So you can imagine my shock when I heard someone experience something similar. I hope there are more stories similar to this that I haven't heard yet so that maybe we can try to understand it more. I wouldn't wish seeing these men on anyone, but it sure is nice to know that we're not alone or insane. Now. I think this story is extremely interesting because it details a UFO prior to the Mirror Men sighting so is that a red herring, or is that perhaps a clue as to their origins? Perhaps someone out there knows the answer, but until then, we'll keep asking the questions. Thank you for sticking around to the end of the show and have a great night. This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. You chose to hit play on today's podcast. That was a smart choice, and Progressive loves to help people make smart choices. That's why they offer a tool called Auto Quote Express Explorer that allows you to compare your Progressive car insurance quotes with rates from other companies. So you save time on research, which allows you to enjoy the savings when you choose the best rate for you. Give it a try after this episode@progressive.com Progressive Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy.
