---
title: "Full Body Apparition at Gettysburg"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 1527.1
timestamp_end: 1753.0
timestamp_display: "25:27 - 29:12"
caller: "Chelsea from Pennsylvania"
type: "ghost"
location: "Gettysburg, Pennsylvania"
source_lines: "46-46"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] Hey, what's up, Derek? This is Chelsea. I'm from Pennsylvania, and I was calling in to share one of my. Well, that's actually the only strange experience I've ever had in my life, which is why it's sort of near and dear to me. Might not be as exciting as what kind of calls you usually get, but I'd like to tell you anyway. So about one or two summers ago, I was visiting Gettysburg with a good friend of mine, and we were just having a fun girls weekend, taking a bunch of ghost tours. Went into it with an open mind. Weren't expecting anything to happen whatsoever. So that Sunday night, we were taking our last ghost tour through the Farnsworth house. And we took this because for like $15, you get to play with a bunch of equipment. So like dowsing rods and audio recorders, night vision. So we're like, this will be a good send off before we head home. So we did that. They took us to a part of Gettysburg called the Grove. The Grove is sandwiched between a city street and some football fields. So we're like, whatever, we're just gonna have a good send off before we go home. So we're just playing around, playing with the equipment. I never had used night vision before, so I'm like, wow, this will be a really fun thing to play with. So everybody's kind of split up. Everybody's doing that, the flashlight trick where you ask a question, yes or no, with the flashlight partially unscrewed. So the idea is if there's a ghost, they'll tap it for, you know, two for yes, one for no or whatever. Everybody's going their separate ways. I'm with Allison, my friend that I'm with. There's a tree maybe 30ft ahead of us, and it's just one singular tree, nothing around it at all. And the weather, it was like a clear night. And this field is just like an empty little grassy field. So I just casually took. It's like a real time night vision monocular. It doesn't record or anything. So I just casually, like, listed it up to my eye because I was like, I wonder what our tour, our fellow tour mates look like on night vision. So when I had put it up to my eye, straight ahead of me, I saw a full body figure facing me, kind of. It moved so weird. Like the night vision was smooth, but it moved like a dvd, skipping frames almost. The thing looked at me. It was holding like a rifle across its chest and it kind of sidestepped, sidestepped, peeked at me and then went right behind the tree. And I kind of just put the binocular down. I was like, wow, okay, I just saw something. There was no humanly possible way it could have been a real person that was standing there, because there was nowhere for them to hide. The tree was just right there in front of us, nothing around it. So I lowered it. I looked at my friend Allison and I said, I just saw something. She goes, me too. She had seen exactly what I saw, but as a shadow figure. And I had seen this on the night vision. And the strange thing about it on the night vision was it was solid and kind of had a glow to it. It had no contrast between skin or clothes or anything. It was just one solid, glowing color. And it was almost like it was conscious. It was almost like it was playfully hiding from me and sidestepped behind the tree. That was the craziest thing I've ever seen. To this day, I still wonder if I really saw it, but I know I did. And that night, driving home, we were pretty much silent the whole time, reflecting on the fact that we had seen a full bodied apparition at Gettysburg. Love the podcast. Thanks for taking my call. Bye.
