---
title: "Shadow Being with Bird Beak Face and Yellow Eyes"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 1589.4
timestamp_end: 1947.8
timestamp_display: "26:29 - 32:27"
caller: "Chris from SUNY Valley, California"
type: "shadow_person"
location: "SUNY Valley, California"
source_lines: "15-15"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hi Derek, My name is Chris from SUNY Valley, California and I've been a big fan for a while and finally, finally calling in with my story. This story takes place about mid-80s, 85, 86 or so. And I was about that five or six growing up in this house. And one night I woke up for some reason and went to my parents room, you know, as kids do and their door was shut. So for some reason I just sat down. I just whatever had my Garfield pillow, sat down and just parked it for a while. And the way our rooms were situated is that our room was at the end of the hallway. It's about maybe 10, 15ft long. It's not a very big house. And at the end of it was the entryway. And so I had a nightlight as most kids do. And the light kind of spilled out a little bit. So it was a little illuminated, not crazy bright or not pitch black either. And so at the end of the hallway was, was still fairly dark, but you can kind of make out some shapes of the living room and whatnot. And so I sat there and at the end of the hallway, all of a sudden I noticed something kind of walk into the space in the hallway at the end of the room. And it was a shape that was darker than dark black. You know, it stood out amongst the kind of that, that grayish black of a partially illuminated hallway. It was humanoid. It was, it was tall and lanky and it didn't walk like a human would walk in a fluid motion. It was kind of like almost like skipping frames. It just had this kind of a, it wasn't stuttery but just, it wasn't fluid either. It was just something was just off with it. And it took a couple steps and it stopped in the middle of the hallway and it turned and looked down at me. And at that moment I could see two giant yellowy green glowing eyes. The other thing too is that its face was not human. It didn't have any detail, but you could make out the kind of the shady overall shape of it. And if you know the shape of those plague Masks. They kind of like got that bird like beak and the kind of the big. That's kind of what it had. This weird triangular teardrop y kind of a face than just a human. And honestly I don't remember anything really after that. Like I don't remember being scared. It just was more like curious. What was weird too is I have a memory of telling my parents this the next day. And even then I chalked it up to being kind of just nothing. Like I we had like one of those sparklet things. I was like, oh, it was the water man coming to deliver water. It was midnight or 1am right? It makes no sense. But somehow even in my six year old mind I was kind of rationalizing it. And so that kind of was that it was just always bizarre. I had a number of experiences in that house where I would actually see full body apparitions walk through my room. I would have sounds that would, that I would hear all the time. Footsteps up and down my hallway would actually get scared and look like at my trying to catch something coming down the hallway and I would hear it run away. Just all these weird thick black masses I would catch out of the corner of my eye was just a very, very bizarre house centralized around my room. Anytime I was in my room is when I would have this weird feeling. And what's interesting is that we had the 94 earthquake and our house was crushed. Basically had to be kind of built from the ground up. Foundation gone, things had to be rearranged. We got hammered. And what was interesting about that is that when the house was put back together and we were actually able to move back in, I had the same room that I had as a kid. But one important difference is that the breaker box coming into the house was moved to the opposite side. So it was originally about 3ft from my head where I would have slept. And then it got moved. And what's interesting is that I don't remember having any kind of significant crazy event after that once that box was moved. So I've been researching things since then about like having issues with EMF yields and whatnot where you can kind of actually have hallucinations both audio and visual. And ever since that box was moved it kind of made sense that things didn't really happen anymore. That maybe I'm susceptible to it. So I wanted to bring that up because maybe you have some listeners out there that don't know that that there you can be somewhat susceptible. I'm sure there's various degrees of being affected by those Fields. But you know, that breaker box was from the 70s, it was janky. I'm sure it wasn't shielded in any kind of effective way. The new box we had was further away and I'm sure you obviously was meeting today's code. So things changed. Fast forward then and this is where it kind of took a turn for me myself is mid-90s, mid-ish and later-90s when the Internet really started to become a thing as far as being, you know, widely accessible and we had gathered up enough AOL discs to be able to get online for a significant period of time. I started falling down some rabbit holes of, you know, some paranormal forums. And you remember that, you know, back in the day things were a little bit more, a little, little more third grade as far as websites and things like that. So we had these forums and I would just find myself on there, clicking around and I happened to follow on one of Phenomenon of Shadow People. And when I clicked on this, this was a series of drawings that people had done about things that they had seen or, you know, just kind of typical stuff. And one illustration I saw was the exact same thing I had seen in that hallway that night. And it blew my mind. Like it was, it was here, some random person from who knows where saying they had seen this thing and sketched it out and it was to the letter the exact same thing I had seen. So EMF or not, that blew my mind. So maybe there was two things going on there. You know, maybe there was something that happened in that house that I maybe caught a glimpse of one night that was separate from any kind of EMF field that I might have been affected by with, with all my other experiences with, with possible phenomena. So I don't know, I thought that was kind of interesting. I wanted you to chime in. Like I said, I've been listening for a while and figured I'd try to contribute. So hopefully you can use this. Keep up the good work and we'll talk soon. Bye.
