---
title: "Dogs Growl at Empty Corner and Bathroom Fan Activates"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 1548.4
timestamp_end: 1750.6
timestamp_display: "25:48 - 29:10"
caller: "Jonathan from Texas"
type: "haunting"
location: "Central East Texas"
source_lines: "10-10"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hey, Derek. My name is Jonathan. I'm from Texas. About 10 or so years ago, I lived in a college town in central East Texas. I shared a house with about three other guys. One of the guys parents actually owned the house. So we had a little bit of insight into the history of the place. Allegedly an old woman had died in the house prior to us living there. The roommate whose parents owned the house would, would always tell us of things that he had seen or heard or things maybe that his parents had seen or heard. But myself and my other roommates always just kind of chalked that up to nonsense. He was kind of a trickster, so didn't really trust what he was saying, to be honest, but did have a couple of experiences that really made me question, you know, whether or not he was telling the truth. We had a few experiences, as a matter of fact, with the dogs that lived in the house. I remember very vividly two separate occasions actually of one of the dogs being in a separate room. The lights were off in that room and you hear some growling coming from the room. And me and my roommates just kind of looked at each other like, what the hell is. Is Jack's growling at now? And we would go in there and he would be staring at a corner in that room, growling with his. With his hackles up. So I'm getting chills, just kind of telling the story now. But we were a little freaked out about that, as I'm sure you can imagine. Another firsthand experience that I had. And really the one that, that made me question things the most was I was in one of my roommate's rooms. He was showing me something on his computer. It was just he and I at the house that day. And he shared the master bathroom with the master bedroom. So his room was just kind of an extension of that. And that was the bathroom that the woman, I guess, used when she was alive, the woman that had allegedly died in the house. And we were sitting there talking and he was showing me something in his computer when all of a sudden we heard the bathroom fan come on. And we just kind of looked at each other because this was again after we'd heard stories from our roommate and kind of had heard of his experiences, but again, we were questioning them. Nobody else was home. We heard the bathroom fan turn on by itself went in there and looked and the switch was physically flipped. No idea how that happened. We flipped it on and off ourselves a couple of times. Really freaked us out, to be honest. And you know, that combined with the experiences with dogs staring at nothing and growling and snarling really made me not want to live in that house for too long. But really been listening to the podcast a lot and, you know, I thought that I would call in and share a couple of the experiences that I had. But appreciate you doing this and looking forward to listening to more of the podcast. Thanks.
