---
title: "Amber and Green UFO Lights in North Dakota"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 2780.4
timestamp_end: 3233.4
timestamp_display: "46:20 - 53:53"
caller: "Anonymous"
type: "ufo"
location: "Robinson, North Dakota"
source_lines: "22-22"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] Hi Derek, I'm submitting a story from a time when I lived up in North Dakota. While it's a large state, the population is small enough that everyone knows each other within about three to four relations, so for privacy sake, I'd like to keep everyone's names anonymous and will just refer to them by letter. I'll start the story after this discussion. Disclaimer so you can easily edit out this part. It's a longer story, but full of necessary information. Here we go. Hi Derek, I'd like to share a story from a time I was living in Robinson, North Dakota, which is about an hour and 20 minutes to the northeast of Bismarck in the middle of the state. I'm not originally from the state, but had moved up there in the summer of 2013 for work and had ended up living there for three years. My job required me to drive around the entire state for meetings and as a result I was on the road quite a bit at night and I've seen some interesting things. At this point in my life I was not necessarily a believer of the supernatural, but I wasn't opposed to the concept. The story I'm sharing now changed that. The following events occurred throughout the fall and winter of 2013 and 2014. If you have some sort of map application, I'd recommend using it during this story as it'll help put components of the story into perspective. One evening in November, I had just left Robinson around 4:15pm and was westbound on ND36 headed to Bismarck for the midnight release of the new Xbox One console Leamington. The road curves to the north, then west again as it skirts the edge of a wetland. The roads in North Dakota are based on a one square mile grid system called sections, and while some roads are paved, the majority are gravel and there are plenty of section lines that are just prairie trails, many of which dead end into seasonal wetlands. I just passed a gravel road called 31st Avenue Southeast, which bisected 36, the road I was westbound on from the north, but didn't continue to the south because of one of the wetlands. Having traveled this road many times on my way to Bismarck, I knew that the next bisecting road wasn't for two miles because there was another wetland between it and myself that prevented a road from being constructed, so there was just a prairie trail that dead ended into the wetland. Keeping that in mind, right after I passed 31st Avenue Southeast, a bright amber light caught my eye to the north of me, just over the top of the prairie grasses, which can easily reach 4 or 5ft tall. It was a very bright ambient bald of light that didn't seem to have a directional beam. As I watched, it traveled south at great speed just over the top of the grasses, crossed the road in front of me, and then disappeared from view. From the time it appeared at the edge of my periphery to the time it disappeared from view was only about 2 to 3 seconds, and at the time it crossed the road in front of me was about a quarter mile away. From my perspective, the light appeared to be about 5 to 6ft in diameter and didn't have any distinguishing characteristics. I continued driving, keeping an eye out for crossroads to try and rationalize what I had just seen, but didn't come across one until I reached 29th Avenue Southeast, two miles away. This was the first time I'd ever seen anything like this and decided to keep the event to myself. A couple of uneventful months go by until the end of January, beginning of February. I was headed back home from Jamestown late one night and had hit a ground blizzard somewhere around Medina. The wind was howling, whipping up all the snow on the ground, creating whiteout conditions. Invisibility was about 10ft in front of my truck. I continued making my way west along 94, driving slowly so as not to overdrive my visibility until I reached the small town of Tappan. Fearing that I might get rear ended by another driver, I decided to take the back road home. The 39th Avenue Southeast is the gravel road that heads north from Tappan, jogs to the west about a mile and a half and then heads north again, coming out on ND36, just over five miles to the east of Robinson, the town I lived in. The road is used frequently by local traffic, but I figured I wouldn't run into anyone on a night like this. I left Tappan and was driving slowly north, using the truck's GPS to help me navigate the road as I first hit the left and then right hand turns which mark the halfway point as I continued north. I had almost reached Indy 36 when suddenly an almost blinding green light illuminated the dark, snowy night high in the sky to the west of my location. Keeping in mind that visibility was only about 10ft, I struggled to comprehend what I was seeing. The light seemed to come from everywhere, perhaps because of the snow, but it was brightest at a point a couple hundred feet above the ground. As I continued to creep along the road, I reached the stop sign that signaled that I had reached Indy 36. As the green light continued to shine brightly, I paused there for a moment, both to try and pick it out where the source of light was coming from, as well as to try and recall if there had been some sort of a cell tower there. I turned left onto Indy 36 and continued westbound in the direction of home. The light continued to shine from what appeared to be the same position and faded from view as I drove away. Thankfully, I was able to get home without further incident. The next day. The wind had died down and visibility had returned, so I decided to drive back to the intersection to see if there was a tower there. There was not much like my first experience. I decided to keep what I had seen the night before to myself. Now, these two incidents might not seem so extraordinary in their current context, but several months later I discovered a chilling component to this story. It was August and I just bought a house in the town of Steel, about 30 minutes to the south of Robinson on I94. I was at a party with some friends when someone began talking about strange things they had seen in the North Dakota sky recently, and others started chiming in. Realizing that I wasn't the only one to have seen something, I decided to share my stories with the group. My friends told me that this area had been a hot spot some years ago and had even been featured on Earth Files. Someone started playing the episode of the podcast, and the host introduced a family from Tappan that had been the victim of some terrifying events. It was at this moment that I froze E in quotation marks the son of the family involved had been at the heart of their encounters from 2005 to 2006, which included sightings, livestock mutilation, and a physical attack on E himself on their family farm. E had moved into the apartment across the hall from me a week before my November 2013 experience. He was about my age, a great guy, intelligent and hard, hard worker. We had become friends and often played video games together, talk politics, hunting, etc, but he had never once mentioned what had happened to him. Apparently after the story broke, he had become the subject of ridicule in town and as a result didn't talk about what happened to him anymore. In my own research, UFO experiencers tend to have recurring encounters, almost as if they're magnets for these types of events. I can't help but wonder if what I saw was a result of that. Anyway, I hope you found my story interesting and if it's featured, I've got plenty of other stories to tell. North Dakota might seem like a desolate place to the rest of the country, but there's plenty of interesting things going on in the night sky there.
