---
title: "Paranormal Figures Under Bedsheet and Shadow Visitor"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 2223.8
timestamp_end: 2670.8
timestamp_display: "37:03 - 44:30"
caller: "Eric from Cross Plains, Wisconsin"
type: "shadow_person"
location: "Tucson, Arizona"
source_lines: "20-20"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hi Derek, this is Eric from Cross Plains, Wisconsin. Love the podcast and just wanted to leave you a story that I had happen when I was younger. I was born and raised in Tucson, Arizona and this took place probably about early 80s 83 I believe in the summer of at the time we had moved into a new neighborhood on the north side of town. It was a nice three bedroom ranch style home. It was a pretty ordinary neighborhood, nothing special about it. I was pretty fortunate that there were a few kids in the neighborhood roughly my age. In fact, right next door was a kid about a grade younger than I was. But we were both into the same thing. We both love GI Joe and action figures and we'd play this all the time. If we weren't playing GI Joe, we were outside exploring the desert, which was pretty fortunate for us because we never ran into any rattlesnakes or scorpions or anything like that. Used to run into weird things all the time. Sometimes things left behind by coyotes, half eaten cats and whatnot. But one thing that was always prevalent in the neighborhood was there was a lot of satanic symbols. And sometimes you would find old campfires and whatnot with satanic symbology that would know it at the time because I was pretty young, maybe about seven, eight years old, but later we'll come to understand. But the incident or the series of what would eventually become pretty significant in my life was over at my friend's house and we were playing GI Joe as usual in the living room. His mom had asked me to come back to the bedroom. I really didn't think nothing of it, didn't really accident go into the bedroom, but stood outside the door. You know, it's kind of strange because she was standing in the room, her husband was there, a couple other people in the room that I really didn't recognize. But they asked me if I wanted to see something pretty cool. So I'm like, sure. So something was going on. Not really 100%, but then suddenly in the way the bedroom was, obviously there was a king size bed I'm assuming was centralized in the middle of the room. And from just about underneath the bed came this large form. But it stayed underneath the sheets until it centered itself to about the middle of the bed. Then this form, this lump, whatever you want to say, kind of took a form by this sheets, kind of sucked itself around it. And what had first popped up was a figure from the torso up, a Native American warrior. And you could tell it had a headdress, wore a hammer and as a war cry. Then it kind of just disappeared. And then kind of the same process happened again, except for this time a lump took the form of a cowboy. And you could see the six shooters, you could hear the guns go off, whooping and hollering himself, then disappear. The next figure was like a knight On a horse. But instead of coming underneath, the badges shot from the middle, middle of the bed. And you can hear the galloping of the hooves and kind of just pop up in the middle. Same situation sheet wrapped around. You can make out the forms. Not a lot of great detail, but you hear the neighing of the horse and disappeared. The last figure was probably the most scariest to me is this figure formed in the middle. And it formed what we stereotypically pictured as a witch. A long pointed hat. You could tell the feature facial features of what we normally say. Obviously not great detail again. But she started to cackle and laugh and she turned around and looked at me and started to laugh and said something. I don't remember what she said. In fact, I don't think I probably could have heard her at the time. I was really starting to freak out. Tears are in my eyes. My heart was pounding so hard that I could hear it in my ears. I do remember the adults in the room were laughing. I couldn't find my friend anywhere to be. And pretty much all my memory after that kind of just blacked out. The last memory I have is walking back home crying hysterically. I never told my parents about it because I wasn't even supposed to be there at the time because they were both at work. So after that incident, when I went over to play later on was kind of weird. But, you know, he was my buddy. Even after what happened, he told me he was allowed to play with me anymore. And I couldn't quite figure out what happened. You know, I don't. I wasn't sure what I did. So sometime went. School started up. I ran into him again in class at school and he finally was speaking to me. And I had asked why he was allowed to play. All he could say is that that's what his parents said. He couldn't play with him anymore. I was like, okay, that, you know, that's fine. His father had recently built a tree house in the back, which was pretty much a glorified hunting blind. And because the trees in Tucson are not the greatest trees to build houses in, they got two inch thorns in them. But I had asked him how he liked the tree house because I had noticed that he had been playing in the house with. In the tree house with his mom. And he said that he wasn't allowed to play in the treehouse. And I asked him why. He goes, well, the witch lives there. That's who I was playing with. And my parents don't want me playing in there anymore. And I thought that was kind of weird because that's the last speaker I saw almost there. But shortly after that his family moved and the house kind of sat empty for a while. And it was kind of strange that people would move in and out of that house all the time. But at most would be there two years. But never really heard much about if anything ever went on in that house. But surely after they had moved, I had started seeing a figure in my room at night. And I remember the first time it happened and saw the stark figure standing over me. Kind of like what some people describe as a shadow person or possibly a hat man. It was. It was black, almost void. And it had like a. Like a cloak and a hood over it. You can hear it kind of breathing, kind of the strange kind of wheezy crackling sound. And I remember freaking out and throwing the blankets over my head. And I would try to bury my head under the pillows, kind of turn my back to it and I look towards the door, think about running to it. But I noticed that the figure had moved over there. So I wasn't really sure what to do. So the only thing that could pop in my mind was to start singing. So I started singing songs that I learned in Sunday school. You know, Jesus Loves Me and the B I, B L E. All sorts of songs that I learned in Sunday school. And it seemed to work. Unfortunately, this went on pretty much for the rest of the time that I lived in that house. I lived in a house about 12 years, but it always happened in my room. I never really left the room. But you know, it seemed pretty strange because it seemed like other kids in my neighborhood experienced some of the same things. My buddy across the street used to say there was an old man who used to scratch at the window asking to come in. Like a short three foot man. Another kid down the road just to talk about a lady that used to fly around his room and would bother him and him alone and none of his sisters. And there used to be a lot of stories like this that revolved around the neighborhood. But that's my story. I hope you enjoyed it. Thank you very much. Keep up the good work.
