---
title: "Hairy Glowing Arm Enters Bedroom"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 2302.5
timestamp_end: 2505.1
timestamp_display: "38:22 - 41:45"
caller: "Josh from Sacramento"
type: "other"
location: "San Francisco, California"
source_lines: "38-38"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] My name is Josh. I live in Sacramento. I'm 42 years old. This happened in San Francisco when I was 10 years old. I used to go sleep over at a buddy's house. And they were really into the supernatural stories like that. And so one Friday night we were going to go to an amusement park. The next day we weren't sleepy. So his older brother started reading us a book about fairies, goblins, witches, monsters, etc. And after a while we got sleepy. So we went up the stairs to his bedroom. And he had a bunk bed in there. And I took the top bunk, he took the bottom one. And the door opened. It was at the foot of the bunk bed. So anyways, we were in the dark, we were talking about what we're going to be doing the next day when the door start. We. I heard the door started opening, like the squeak of it. And I was. I just started hearing when after the door flow fully open, like my friend from beneath me started like gasping a little bit. And I was waiting for whoever was there to come to the middle of the room. I thought it was his parents, that we were caught because we're still up. And what I saw was an arm. It was illuminated, outlined by a light. A dim but glowing light, like bluish color. And I could see that the arm from the fingernails to the elbow. And it was hairy. It went to the center of the room, turned around, went out, closed the door and that was it. And we got out of that room, we went to his parents room. Did you see the hand? Did you see the hand? Anyways, we went back to sleep. I don't remember how, but the next Monday at school, while I was in fifth grade, during lunch I went to the library and I was just looking at the books and I saw a book. The spine of one of a book was a red book. And it said Famous Monsters of America. And on the COVID there was a picture of Bigfoot. So I started thumbing through the pages. There were some black and white pictures, there were some drawings. And I finally I turned one of the pages and I saw the picture. A drawing of an arm just like what I had seen. And there was a paragraph in description that said that it was a demon. Can't remember the name of it, but that it lived under stairs. I remember we had to go upstairs to his room. And that it didn't like to be swore that no bad words, but like to be called grandpa. So I put that away and I never talked to him about it. Years later, maybe about. Gosh, this is probably about a couple years ago on Facebook. I contacted him and we talked and I, I didn't want to mention it but I say do you remember what happened in your house so many years ago but you know, 28 years ago. And he said the hand. And I said yeah, and it was a trip because we never talked about that afterwards. And for him so many years later to still remember that and to agree with what I saw is what one of the events of my childhood that comes scary storytelling time. I can't forget. Well, anyways, thank you and I'll call back. I have another story that happened to my ex wife. Thank you.
