---
title: "Multiple Encounters at Thousand Hills State Park"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 1311.2
timestamp_end: 1832.7
timestamp_display: "21:51 - 30:32"
caller: "Anonymous from Missouri"
type: "other"
location: "Thousand Hills State Park, Kirksville, Missouri"
source_lines: "21-21"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker C] Hey there. This is in regards to the three Men who Move as One all three times I've seen the men, I was in Thousand Hills State park in Kirksville, Missouri. The first time I noticed them, I was on a bench reading a book, and they appeared off to my left, moving toward me, walking parallel to a tree line in front of the bench. I thought they were dancers doing some sort of weird routine, or at least practicing for one. Their movements were so odd and so in sync, and they were moving so slowly and with an odd gait. It sounds silly, but they Almost looked like a slow motion conga line. I'm somewhat shy, so I didn't raise my head to look at them. I watched them a little bit through my peripheral vision and I had an extremely uneasy feeling while doing so. They were wearing matching outfits. Black shoes, black pants, brown overcoats, which was quite odd for the summer, adding to my suspicions they were some sort of act and costume. I didn't see their faces that day. They made a course change which seemed to take forever and then disappeared into the trees they'd been skirting. Next day I was several miles away from that area, walking the Thousand Hills Trail. At first around 4pm just enjoying the fresh air, when something caught my eye off the trail. Some movement in the distance. I couldn't quite make out through the tree. I decided to go exploring and find out what it was. Moving off trailways and I saw three shapes all moving in unison, just cresting a small hill. This time their outfits were different. Some light brown pants and black turtlenecks this time. Again, a weird thing to wear in the summer. I shouted a greeting. This time, since I had just been noisily stomping off the trail, I felt obligated to say something. At first I thought they didn't hear me. They hadn't responded yet. And then I realized they were still turning around. They hadn't been facing me and they were turning excruciatingly slowly. Their mouths appeared way before they should have. As their heads turned, it looked like their lips were stretched out too wide. It reminded me of a frog's mouth. Their eyes looked extremely intense. I wouldn't know if I would call it anger, but they certainly looked like wild eyes. Those eyes were the last thing I remembered before I completely. I was completely soaked. I came to standing in the rain. It had been raining for at least a half hour. Judging by how wet everything was and how muddy the ground was becoming. My clothes and hair were completely soaked. I pulled my phone out of my pocket to check the time, but it didn't work. Completely ruined by the water, I managed to make my way back through the pitch black woods and find the trail. Make my way back to my car through the rain and lightning. My car's clock read 1am and I was stunned, completely unsure of where the last several hours had just gone. How long had I been standing in the rain? Was I in the dark woods for that entire time? From 4pm to 1am I felt sick to my stomach just thinking about it and started my car to drive home in the rain, wanting to get as far away as possible, preferably behind a locked door. Two years later, a friend had dragged me back to Thousand Hills. I was very hard to convince. I felt extremely uneasy about going back there, and I couldn't say why. It was like I'd forgotten what had happened, but knew something bad had happened to me there. I did end up letting him convince me. But as we were driving there, my unease kept growing and growing as little bits of memory would pop up of the event. Memories that I guess I had avoided completely. Somehow. For the last two years, I'd been away from the park. We were going to have a hike and a picnic, and as we were on the trail, I was all eyes, looking left and right and behind us every three steps, and my heart was beating a mile a minute. My friend was making fun of me, asking, since when are you afraid of the woods and such? I was a nervous wreck and I really couldn't hide it any longer. I asked him if we could just leave, just go somewhere else instead, and that I had a terrible feeling about Thousand Hills. He gave in. And when we turned around to head back down the trail the way we came, we walked around a bend in the trail, and there they were. Three figures facing away from us as if they'd been headed down the trail the entire time, but we'd just come that way minutes ago. Walked down an empty trail around a bend, turned around to go back around the bend, and there they were. I clapped my hand over my friend's mouth, locked my eyes on his, and viciously shook my head no. He saw my fear and he looked a bit scared himself, what with the three of them just suddenly appearing behind us, going the opposite direction as us. We silently watched them move down the trail in perfect unison for a while. And I feel like they're all the same person, or at least they share a consciousness, because when one reacts, the other two do as well, all at the same time. There isn't a hesitation, they just move as a one, and it's extremely disturbing. I was frozen, watching them walk away as all my memories of my last encounters with them flooded back up. Until then, my friend and I had been still and silent and staring, but I couldn't help it. I turned and ran away as fast as I could. I screamed for him to follow me, to run away. I swear he was right. But I turned back, even though every instinct in me told me not to. I ran back, calling from a friend, but there was no trace of him at all anywhere on the trail. I walked back and Forth the bit of trail he disappeared on for two hours calling for him and nothing. I was starting to worry. It was getting dark, so I went back to the parking area and I realized I didn't have the keys as we had taken his car. I wasn't going to leave without him anyway, but I really wanted to get inside of something just to feel safe. I turned back toward the trail and there he was, sprinting out of the trailhead like something was chasing him. Even though I saw nothing, he was digging in his pockets for the keys and he was in the car yelling for me to get in. In a flash he asked me what time it was, asked me why it was so dark. I told him it was 9pm and he said, yeah, that's what my watch says too. That's bullsh t. I told him I'd been looking for him for hours, screaming his name at the top of my lungs, but I couldn't find him. He insisted that he didn't even move from the spot that I ran off and the men turned around at the noise and then he was alone and it was dark. He accused me of setting him up, of pulling some prank. My tear stained face from the crying I'd been doing while searching for him changed his mind eventually, but we were never very close again after that day. I had forgotten again the things that happened in Thousand Hills until I heard your podcast and the people describing the men's odd synchronized movements and the lost time. I don't know how one can forget something so traumatic, but I've done it twice now, apparently, and I hope I can manage a third time. I love your podcast, but telling this story was extremely difficult and I fear that remembering the men may call them back somehow.
