---
title: "Beam of Light Shooting Straight Up from Truck"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-25
timestamp_start: 2845.0
timestamp_end: 3026.7
timestamp_display: "47:24 - 50:26"
caller: "JC from Montana"
type: "other"
location: "Lochsa Wilderness, Idaho"
source_lines: "68-68"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker B] Hey Derek, this is jc. I'm calling you from Montana. And quick story for you. This is something that took place last year in the summertime. I was with two friends and we were driving from Montana to Moscow, Idaho, which you look on a map, it looks like Moscow. Please don't say that around the locals. It's certainly Moscow and they will correct you on it. So anyway, we're driving from Montana to Moscow, Idaho, and the way we chose to drive took us over what's called Lolo Pass and down through the Lochsa Wilderness. Anyone who's been through there knows it's a long road, it's very heavily wooded, it's extremely remote. I mean, it's one of the squatchiest places I've ever seen. There's actually quite a few stories and Bigfoot encounters that have come out of the Lochsa area. So at any rate, you're several hours winding through through the woods, coming down over that pass into Idaho. So at any rate, we were driving and we got a late start, so it was well after dark. It was probably 11 o' clock at night, as memory serves. And there are no towns. I mean, there's no houses for the longest time. You're just woods, woods, woods, woods. Well, at one point in the drive, the road eventually leveled out. For a little while. It wasn't as twisty and bendy. We weren't into civilization Yet. But we could tell that things were starting to level out. At any rate, after miles and miles of woods. As things are leveling out, there's a field on the right hand side and it's probably a, you know, a football field sized field. And as we're driving up to it, we immediately see something that catches our attention. There is a truck parked in the middle of this field. And again, there are no homes around. This truck is parked in the middle of the field. And if you remember the old movie Twister, you know, they have these tornado chasing trucks that are all rigged out with like weather gear and stuff. There's a truck parked in the middle of the field and it looks like that it's. The bed of the truck is all decked out with some kind of equipment. I'm not entirely sure what it was. And we can see a couple people milling around the truck. Well, from this equipment in the back of the truck, there is a beam of light shooting straight up into the sky. And I don't mean like kind of a foggy spotlight. I mean it's like a beam of light. I mean, it's huge. The edges of it are very well defined and it is shooting way up into the night sky straight out of the back of this truck. And that was so odd to us. We actually, we pulled over just to watch this for a second. And they're only, I don't know, 80 yards from us. I mean, they're just off the highway. And we pulled over to actually see what they were doing. When we pulled over and stopped the truck, we saw the people standing around start to scramble. They quickly got in their truck, they turned off the light and they peeled out of there. They pulled out onto the highway going the other direction, but not until we stopped and noticed them. So anyway, there's definitely some high strangeness in Montana and Idaho. That was one story. Maybe I'll call back with others sometime. But if anyone knows what's going on, please share. Love the show. Keep it up. See ya.
