---
title: "Men in Black Around Dying Dog"
show: "Monsters Among Us"
date: 2026-01-06
timestamp_start: 3860.7
timestamp_end: 4076.5
timestamp_display: "1:04:20 - 1:07:56"
caller: "Brenton from Australia"
type: "other"
location: "Australia"
source_lines: "89-89"
first_person: true
---

[Speaker I] G' day Derek. My name is Brenton, I'm from Australia. I mean this happened, geez, back in the mid-90s. Now for years and years I thought it was the Men in Black, but with stories that I've heard from the podcast and all the rest of it, it doesn't seem to be like them at all. I was about six years old and I had this dog named Sting. Great dog. Him and me had this really good connection. I'd always sleep on the end of my bed and all the rest of it always be together, would always be playing together. He'd always look after me. Anyway, there's this one particular morning I woke up would have been about 6, 6:30 in the morning and the dog wasn't at the end of the bed. Right away I had this gut feeling that something wasn't right. I went searching for him around the house and didn't see him in his normal spots in his bed or on the couch in the parents room. We had this driveway that went down to the main road. So I ran down there and I see the Sting dog laying just outside the gate on the side of the road there. When I seen him I didn't see anything around, nothing. I just saw the dog. I get to the gate, I jump on top of the gate to see what's going on and then I see a car driving off. It's just hit my dog and it's driving off. I look back and I don't know what I was really looking at at the time. I was more worried about my dog. But when I'm looking at my dog, I see five men in black suits and hats and they're standing there in like a half arc around my dog. Every single one of them had a notepad and they're writing stuff down, like, notepad and a pen. I was like, what the hell? Why aren't you helping my dog? One of them looked up at me, like, you can see us kind of thing. Didn't say anything. He just put his head back down and started doing his thing. They look like just normal people. I didn't feel any bad negative energy or anything like that. Just like normal people. Just hiding her notepad. I looked around to make sure there's no other cars. There's no other cars in the area. You're on a main road and there was cars driving past, but there was no other cars parked on the side or anything where somebody got out or anything like that. So I had no idea where they came from. As I said, when I was running down the driveway, there was no one there. As I jumped on the fence, these five guys in black suits were there. Now, this has all happened within a short period. I jumped back off the fence. I've ran probably maybe 5 meters, and I've turned back to have a look because I was going to go and go get my mum. As I've turned back to have a look, those five men in black suits were gone. I've always called them Men in Black, but if it's not the real Men in black, the way that they've been described, or anything like that, I've always wondered and thought, what if they're angelic creatures or angels writing down notes to collect my dog's soul when he passed away? It's baffled me for years. Can't think of anything that would describe what I actually saw that day. But yeah, Loving the podcast. Have a good one.
